My previous ER389 lasted 2 years I just ordered a new ER389 because my current one died after a little over two years of use. It was a nice little trimmer while it lasted, but I really don't think I should be filling landfills with dead trimmers every two years. If a frequent problem with these devices is that the batteries die, I'd be happy with a long-lasting trimmer with an old-fashioned power cord. By the way, I previously owned a Wahl battery-only portable trimmer and a Wahl AC trimmer, and they both had short lives. <br /> <br />
Lasts unfortunately only one year This is a perfect little travel dryer; too bad that the plastic of the fan rotor is such bad quality. We have had 2 of these break after exactly 13 months of use (so just outside the warranty; on top of that the cost of mailing ect. inside the warranty period is prohibitive for actually using the warranty)<br />We bought the second one because the quality of the rest of the components as well as the construction is very good, but after the second break-down with exactly the same problem and after exactly the same time, we must conclude that this is not worth the money.
Retractable cord no longer works. It was nice while the retractable cord worked, but that stopped working after 2 months. Now I have to stand right next to the outlet because the cord won't pull out.
Two Stars I've had this hairdryer for 7 months, and today it died.
Pros and cons Pros: Many attachments, price is good, attractive, dries quickly, no damage.    Cons: So heavy to use and that factor alone is enough to cancel out any of the pros.  The weight is also unbalanced, so when you grip the handle in the place that best balances it out, you wind up hitting buttons.  The attachments fly off and hit you in the head midstream (especially the diffuser).  Not recommended.  You can do better.
Not hot enough I wish I hadn't thrown away the packaging for this, because I would be returning it. I've never had a hair dryer that didn't get hot. This is a first.
Air doesn't stay hot I have been using the Twinturbo 3200 everyday for 11 months. I bought it because I wanted a hair dryer that would blow very hot air. It worked great for about 9 months. After 9 months, the hot air wouldn't stay hot after 5 minutes of being on; it turns to warm air. Also, the diffuser falls off very often while the hair dryer is on. It's quite startling. My previous hair dryer was a SuperSolano that I used everyday for 6 YEARS before it failed. I do not recommend the Pibbs Twinturbo!! I am very disappointed with it.
Two Stars NOT ENOUGH BLOW
Always like Conair brand but this one is very annoying and maybe has a defect. Always like Conair brand but this one is very annoying because it powers itself down to the lower speed for a few seconds every minute or so as you are using it.  It does this for about 15 seconds and then goes back to high.  This may be a defect because as I said I have never had a Conair that did this but wow it is sure frustrating.
Doesn't heat up Replaced it because there was no difference between the heat settings.  The dryer didn't get hot enough to dry my short hair in less than 10 minutes.
Underpowered dryer Very underpowered dryer.  It has a nice power black finish which is totally spoiled by pink control buttons and end surround ring - it might appeal to teens or tweens, but aesthetically unpleasing to an adult.  I exchanged it the day i received it for a Conair Pro which is much better.
does stick to glass but very limited movement This holder does hold a blowdryer but only in the downward position shown in the photo. The description says it can be adjusted up & down but that's not accurate. It can only be used down as shown in the photo & I don't know of anyone who just holds a blowdryer straight down to dry their hair. My blow dryer only fits in the holder pointed down. If I rotate it up, the blow dryer is stopped by the wall holding the holder. There's absolutely no chance of using any other angle. I tried sticking it to the tile (like in the photo) on my vanity top for a lateral angle, but not even 1 little suction cup would do anything but slide all over.  I guess holes have to be drilled through the tile to use it like in the photo. That wouldn't solve the rotation limitation problem. DIsapppointed!<br />DID arrive packed well & on time.
A happy wife is a happy LIFE I was replacing this unit with another Sunbeam wall mount that my wife had for nearly 10 years. When this arrived first the hi-low setting didn鈥檛 work. Also it isn鈥檛 hard wired so you have a cord dangling off the wall. That was my fault I didn鈥檛 realize it when I ordered it. So I returned it with no hassle and ordered the wall mount hard wire unit with three settings and no cord to tangle. A happy wife is a happy LIFE.
Junk.  Not enough air flow to keep it from melting. It melted into a pool of plastic in just a couple months.  Forget it.  This is junk
Uncomfortably heavy This blow dryer arrived compliments of the Vine program.  It is supposed to dry hair quickly and with minimal frizz and damage.  I found the drying time to be the same if not slower than my Conair 1875 blow dryer.  The rocker buttons are in an awkward thumb position and get in the way of a smooth grip on the handle.  Top it off with a very bulky and weighted feel and you have a dryer that is not suitable for our preference.
Worked great...for about a year I bought this a little over a year ago, used it 5 to 6 times a week to dry my short hair, and kept the dust/lint trap clean regularly. Loved this dryer and it dried my hair quickly. However, after barely a year, suddenly it blew nothing hotter than luke-warm air. I put up with this for a couple of weeks until one day it blew only cold air. Very disappointing, as I'd really liked everything else about this dryer. It's now been replaced with a lesser but more dependable brand until I can find something comparable. Look elsewhere or expect a limited product lifespan.
Beware of electrical issues on the T3 I would definitely not recommend purchasing this product as it is a safety hazard. I had an issue with the dryer sparking and smoking at the electrical outlet and had to get rid of it. The circuit protector never worked properly to warn of an electrical problem. I see where this has been an issue for others and believe Bespoke should recall the T3 before they get sued for the outbreak of a fire.
Not good I was really suprised with the poor quality of this hair dryer.  Over the past many years, I have used the Conair brand.  After just a few uses, the retractable cord stopped retracting and the COOL air button no longer popped back up, so I all I was able to do was dry my hair with cool air.  Once I folded it up, a plastic part in the dryer broke and a spring fell out as well.  I purchased a cheaper non folding, non retractable cord dryer and it works better than this more expensive model.  Save your cash and do not buy this.
Not the best hairdryer.. It only has two intensity levels, either too low or too high and loud. The hairdryer blew off the electricity in my apartment TWICE!
Conair Infinity: Too Bad It Doesn't Work That Long The first Conair I ever owned lasted me almost 22 years, so I definitely wanted another Conair and was willing to give the Infinity 223XR a try. I loved the 'Cord-Keeper' idea and the power provided by this model, but after going through two of them in a three year period, I cannot recommend them. Normally I wouldn't write a review, but this is the second Conair Infinity 223XR model I've owned that has exhibited identical problems: the cord stops retracting properly after a few uses and then the dryer one day simply ceases to function. The first one I purchased lasted almost 2 years before it stopped working. Because I take good care of my appliances and they tend to last a long time, I thought I had simply gotten a lemon. It happens to the best products every now and then. Unfortunately, the second one did not perform any better and stopped working after only 7 months. The problem doesn't appear to be motor or fan related. Rather, my husband suspects an electrical issue with either the cord or the plug. Regardless, I am done with this model!
HEAVY! HOT! Useless pick attachment. Awful button placement. **Review about BLACK CHROME version.**<br /><br />It's always a pain buying a new hair dryer--you're used to the one you had, annoyances and all, and it's a crap shoot as to whether or not you'll like the one you've bought sight unseen (although you've read the reviews and are hopeful).<br /><br />I wanted to love this hair dryer, but overall I just didn't.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed is that it is HEAVY. Well, not a bag of flour heavy, but it certainly has a definite heft to it (heavier than I was used to, at least) and for someone who needs to spend a good 30 constant minutes holding it and moving it around...it was heavier than I'd prefer.<br /><br />The second thing I noticed is that the cord is REALLY long. I never gave much thought to cord length, but it is advertised as 10 feet and I'm sure it is. I can't say as if I ever need a cord that long--in all my years using a hair dryer, I think a 3' cord would be plenty.<br /><br />The third thing I noticed was that the attachments are metal--which at first I thought was a bonus because it meant they would be sturdier. That said, since they are metal, they get HOT during use! Surprise, I know, right? Hee. But when you're used to plastic and suddenly have metal and you forget and grab the end...OUCH! Also, the attachments were a bit of a pain to put on. I had to fight with one of them because it didn't seem to want to click on easily (or at least as easily as any dryer I'd used before). I did finally get it on, and thought Well, at least it will STAY on. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case with the resin pick attachment, which, in addition to being super awkward to use, came flying off the end in about seven seconds. The other concentrator attachments were fine, but that pick one was useless.<br /><br />The fourth thing I noticed is that the button placement SUCKS. I managed to turn it off at least 10 times in the first two minutes of using it. SOOOOO frustrating. Just grabbing the handle to hold it would bump it to OFF. GRRRRR. I tried to be especially mindful of it for the rest of the usage period, and I did get better, but I still turned it off repeatedly.<br /><br />The fifth and final thing I noticed is that the hot is REALLY SUPER HOT. I mean, so hot that you do have to really be careful how long you point it at your scalp--and I'd NEVER use it on my hair without putting some form of styling protectant on it first.<br /><br />Taking everything into consideration, this was NOT the hair dryer for me. AT ALL. It was too heavy (minus one star), had hard-to-attach and useless attachments (minus one star), and had sucky button placement (minus one star). It's going back.ially mindful of it for the rest of the usage period, and I did get better, but I still turned it off repeatedly.     The fifth and final thing I noticed is that the hot is REALLY SUPER HOT. I mean, so hot that you do have to really be careful how long you point it at your scalp--and I'd NEVER use it on my hair without putting some form of styling protectant on it first.     Taking everything into consideration, this was NOT the hair dryer for me. AT ALL. It was too heavy (minus one star), had hard-to-attach and useless attachments (minus one star), and had sucky button placement (minus one star). It's going back.
I expected more from Andis Hi,<br /><br />Based on being happy with a previous order of the smaller and louder Andis 30925 Hangup 1600W Wall Mount Hair Dryer with Night Light, ordered this as a replacement.<br /><br />This unit is like it's from a totally different company and I'm not happy.<br /><br />The button to cut off the power is flimsy and you have to muscle it. I used to turn the unit off to shut off the bright night light.  But the button is like screwed up - maybe its just mine but its not easy to use anyway.<br /><br />The night light is WAY too bright for one.  It's like having a small table lamp on, so way to much to be called a night light.<br /><br />Also, the mounting is different.  You install a plate first, then screw the unit onto the plate.  It was hard for me to do compared to the other Andis unit I got and then after a while it started to come loose.<br /><br />If I had to guess, Andis purchased this product from some other company and slapped their name on it.  Big mistake because I had been very loyal based on installing a few 30925 units around the house.<br /><br />I'm returning this and trying the Conair 134R unit which got great reviews.<br /><br />Sorry Andis - You'd better up your game to keep customers loyal.
Owned two - both died When I first saw this model I was excited about the practicality of it's wall mount design, and the sleek styling it offered.  It's 1600 watts supplied ample drying power, and the unit even has the ability to be shut off from the handset... a feature I am very fond of!  The problem; they don't last!  My first one lasted about 9 months and then began to continually overheat and shut off several times during my styling process.  Blowing into the back got old pretty quick, and in the hope that I just got that one lemon, I decided to order another.  I've owed my present unit for not quite a year now, and a few days ago I went to turn it on, and it just wouldn't.  Terminal.  I find myself again in need of a new wall mounted hair dryer, dreading removing this one and remounting the next.  I'm presently seeking a better made model, after all, if you're going to mount something on your wall, you want it to last more than a year, no?
Dryer itself works fine, but The on off and temperature switches are ... Dryer itself works fine, but The on off and temperature switches are poorly designed and hard to use.  If my hands are wet or have hair products on them I can't adjust them at all.
Works well but only for a while I bought this 5 months ago, and it croaked. Just like that,it starting to smell burned (w/o smoke) and then it stopped. It wasn't the socket, it was the dryer.  Too bad--it was a good price and it when it worked, it worked well. The best part about it was the retractable cord....next!  Go for a brand name like Conair or Sasson.  Their dryers last.
not good Let me start by saying I replaced this dryer within 2 weeks of use because I could see the damage to my hair.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because it does dry fairly quickly.  It is much louder that my last dryer.  The power switch is difficult to move.  Some mornings it wouldn't turn on until I put the retractable cord in and out a few times.  The worst downfall is the damage to my hair though.  After 2 weeks of use, I started to notice split ends and dry fly-aways.  Not good at all....do not buy.
Unit does not produce enough heat. This dryer is powerful enough it just produces luke warm air.  It was very convenient to install as clippped right on to the existing sunbeam plate bracket.
Too loud! I've owned many cheap dryers ($30-40) and a few pricier ones ($60-80).  I took a leap and paid more for what I hoped would be the perfect dryer.  It does the job, has a nice, compact size, great cord length, but the dryer is so loud!  I still use the dryer, but after my 5 year old complained, I stopped using it on her hair.  It is simply too loud...actually look forward to it breaking so I can feel justified to purchase a quieter replacement.
Not a good choice for me Pro: it has a very fast Cool cycle - something I've always wished for in other dryers. Cons: The controls are very difficult for me to work with the machine running - the placement is maybe made for a bigger hand, but I can't reach the cool button comfortably when I'm using my right hand. The diffusor is very hard to attach, and even harder to detach.  And this one is my fault - I just assumed that all dryers came with a concentrator, but this one doesn't. I tried attaching the concentrator  from my Revlon dryer that just stopped working, and it doesn't fit. (Shouldn't they be universal?) Unfortunately I threw out all the packaging after I checked to make sure it worked upon delivery. Otherwise I would return it.
dave1327 the dryer is to hard to remove and replace into it's cradle.  Also it is not powerful enough.
Brush is too soft I have used this type of blow dryer my whole life and thought I would try this brand.  The brush is way to soft.  I was going to return it, but missed the 30 day return window, so now it is in the guest bath.  I purchased the infinity pro by conair, and it was exactly what I needed.
Poorly made and designed No side vents, so the top of your head is dry first and becomes unbearably hot, while the sides and back are still wet.  On high, it's very loud.
Dead after 6 months I was very excited when I saw the T3 featherweight hair dryer featured on one of the morning shows.  Lightweight  Doesn't dry out hair - I'm in!  I have had the dryer for less than 6 months and the motor has already burnt out.<br /><br />Ladies (and gentlemen), this hair dryer is a featherweight because it doesn't have much power and the motor is less than optimal.  I would go back to my $30 Conair anyday after spending over $100 on this hair dryer.<br /><br />Save your money and purchase good hair produces!
Heavy, Loud and not that great This product is not worth the money.  It's very heavy, very very loud and doesn't make a noticable difference in the drying time of my hair.  It's no better or worse than the typical $20 conair or revlon dryer.  Save your money.
Great when it worked I purchased this hair dryer on 18 June 2008, used it only three to four times per week and thought it worked very well.  My hair dried quickly and was left soft and smooth.  Then only 21 days after the one year warranty expired it quit.  No warning, no apparent problems, nothing to lead me to believe it wouldn't last a long time.  It just stopped working and would not start again.  The dryer still looks new, no scratches, no lint in the air intake screen, no kinks in the cord, but is doesn't work.  Before it quit, I would have given it four stars (deducting one for being rather loud), the fact that it lasted barely more than one year makes me want to give it zero stars.  I'll compromise and offer two stars and wish you good luck if you decide to purchase this hair dryer.
After using it for about a year and I noticed I lost my natural shine I agree with another user:   Seemed to work OK at first although I didn't notice much improvment in speed of drying. It is lightweight and easy to handle -- but it is hotter than I'm used to. After 6 months, my hair started to feel dry and had zero shine. My hair had always been very healthy and shiny before. My hair stylist noticed it and couldn't figure out what was wrong. After about 9 months, I switched back to my old hairdryer and my hair was instantly healthy and shiny again. Maybe this hairdryer is good for some people but it was bad for me, and costly!     This comment above sums it up for me as well.  In the beginning you notice the shine which was great but after a few months I started to notice that my hair was losing it's shine and bounce.  I now went back to my old blow dryer that I had in storage and my hair is bouncy again and the shine is coming back slowly but surely.  I believe this blow dryer doesn't work for all hair types.  My hair is semi curly.      Darlene
Lasted about a year and half I have had this hairdryer for about two years and I have to replace it.  At about the one and half year mark it started emanating a horrible smell.  I take care of my things--there is nothing I can see that found its way inside that would be causing this smell.  Even prior to this issue I was never impressed with this product.  It never had a lot of power.  Wouldn't recommend it.
worked for about 3 months This was my first 'expensive' dryer, and I was very happy with it initially. After 3 months, the Speed setting stopped working - the dryer only works on HIGH now. Manufacturer's website has no information about warranty. Very disappointing.
An almost great dryer with a fatal flaw This dryer works just fine and could have gotten five stars, except for one awful design blunder. The switch to turn off the heat is momentary, and if you don't want heat, you have to keep your finger pressing it in the entire time. What kind of design is that?
OK Only For Drying, Not Styling. On high heat dryer blows hair so hard you cannot style the hair, it just frizzes. On medium heat the dryer doesn't get hot enough when styling. It takes forever to dry on medium. In my opinion this unit is best as a blow &#34;dryer&#34;, not a styler.
I just hope I can return it! This might just be the worst hair dryer I have ever tried. I have curly hair that I usually blow dry straight, no problem, but with this one I could not get it straight & ended up just resigning myself to using my flat iron on the still damp but very frizzy fried mess I ended up with. As another reviewer commented, you have to destroy the packaging to get it out, but I am going to do my best to get it back in there & sealed up to return as this was just a waste of money. An extra star for the retractable cord though; that would have been great had this been a dryer I could tolerate.
Bulky For home use, this dryer is okay. it works fine. I like the retractable cord. It's bulky and would take up way too much room in a suitcase. The diffuser barely fits in my bathroom drawer with this dryer. I'm either returning it donating it to a homeless shelter.
just like another reviewer wrote - the bonnet's elastic is so ... just like another reviewer wrote - the bonnet's elastic is so tight that it hurt my head and I didn't have very large rollers on. I took her advice and took out the elastic and put in a long shoe lace which was a very time consuming and frustrating job but it worked. Plus I don't know how anyone could sit there with the setting on high. The medium setting is almost too hot. If I hadn't read the her review about replacing the elastic, I would of sent it back.
Stopped working after 10 months Worked great.  Love the retractable cord.  Then one day, just 10 months after buying it, it just wouldn't turn on.  I had to throw it in the trash.  My last hair dryer lasted years and years.  This sucks.
Broke after a year I really liked the ionic technology.  It dries hair a lot faster.  However, after a year of owning this, it broke. I had to buy another dryer from Amazon, and I chose a different one--the Conair 213x Infiniti Professional Tourmaline dryer.  I noticed that the sound on the Conair (when on high setting) was a lot quieter than the Andis.  I get the impression that the motor on the Conair is of a higher quality than that of the Andis.
Cord didn't retract I returned this hair dryer because, from the very beginning, the cord didn't retract. And, as some reviewers noted, it did seem surprisingly heavy for a travel hair dryer.
pass this product up The hand controls seem very flimsy and there are only two heat setting and when I set it at hot, it give me warm air at most.  I'd return it but I aready threw the box away.
Basic travel dryer Other than the retracting cord - which is cool - this is a pretty basic dryer. But I returned it because the retracting mechanism feels and sounds like it won't last long, and it just looks a little too cheap. I'm happy with the replacement - the Babylisspro TT for only a little more $ - looks nicer, feels nicer, works nicer, and is lighter.
hair dryer looks silver in picture but it's actually white bought it. didn't use it. wanted a silver one. picture looks silver. returned it. will get exactly what i want instead.
Brush Attachment is Worthless If you use a brush attachment, don't bother with this dryer!  Also, the high, medium and lowsettings only manage heat.  There is no difference in the force of the air flow.  If you have medium to thick hair, this dryer won't provide enough power to dry your hair in a reasonable lenght of time.  This dryer is weak.  I would only recommend it for people with fine or short hair.
Poor Product, did not last Purchased product 9/7/2012.  By 4/6/2013, the product does not work.  The dryer is not overused - 2 times per week, maximum.  I call Helen of Troy products to make a complaint.  I have to pay the cost of shipping the product back to them and wait a minimum of two weeks for them to return a replacement to me.
i sent it back as it was not what I wanted for my fine hair. It said nothing about ions in description.. One of the questions said not ionic but the box says IONIC. i sent it back as it was not what I wanted for my fine hair..
Design flaws First I will say that it dries hair just like any other hair dryer so I guess it does what it's supposed to do.  But, the use of toggle switches for power and temperature right on the handle instead of a sliding switch seems like poor planning at best.  Every time I change hand positions I'm accidentally turning it off or moving it from hot to warm.  The only way to avoid doing that is to not put your hand around the inside of the handle - I've dropped the dumb thing on the floor more times than I can count while trying to avoid turning it off!  All other dryers I've ever used have switches that slide up or down and only move when you want them to, not just if you accidentally touch it.  And the cord is very short as well - much shorter than any I've had in the past.  This dryer will be going to &#34;back-up&#34; status as soon as I get a better replacement.
Two Stars I have had better conair products in the past.
Great air flow but too loud! The retractable cord is wonderful.  The air power is good and it does a nice job drying your hair.  As mentioned by others, it is heavy.  The handle is also clumsy to hold, especially for someone with small hands.  <br /> <br />My main objection is that it is much too loud and for that reason alone I would not buy it again.
If it ain't broke don't fix it, why did they change this product? I have been a long time user and fan of the Conair Cord Keeper hairdryers.  I use them until they just die.  Recently Conair changed the look of this hairdryer and at first sight I thought that it felt much more flimsy than my previous Cord Keepers but did not give it much thought since I have always been very pleased with this hairdryer.  The hairdryer lasted about 2 weeks before the folding handle cracked.  When we opened up the handle we found that the plastic piece that makes the handle fold was cracked in half and did not appear repairable.  I went out and purchased another Cord Keeper thinking that I just had a 'lemon', well the second one lasted exactly 3 months and 1 day.  Today I pulled out the hairdryer, opened the handle and heard a crack.  This handle is also broken which prevents the hairdryer from staying in the open position. The product does have a 2 yr warranty but you are required to ship the defective product to a Conair service center along with $3 for shipping and handling - this would cost me more than the hairdryer, just not worth my time to box it up and take it to the post office!<br /><br />That being said, when this hairdryer worked it was wonderful.  The two speed settings are the perfect speeds, the hairdryer is extremely light and the handle is easy to grip.  The retractable cord is the best feature of this hairdryer and along with the folding handle it is great for travel.<br /><br />I did write to Conair and their response will determine if I purchase another Conair hairdryer plus I will be back to update this review.
after 10 months, hair is fried. I believed the wonderful hype about this dryer. Still, there was one nagging review that said the hair dryer was breaking her hair. I ignored it. I hope you won't.    The dryer seemed to make my hair dull. I could live with that. But I started to watch my hair get frizzy. I have wavy hair, and I live in a dry climate; no reason for frizz. But it wasn't actually frizzy - it was actually all the broken ends frying into frizzle. I finally had to admit that the dryer was the problem and I went back to my nearly broken old dryer from 1995.     It will take a long time before my hair is grown out and the damage gone. Lots of nourishing hair products and lots of time. And I wasted so much money on a dryer that really hurt my hair. Too late for me, but if you haven't bought it yet, don't do it.
Was pretty good for 13 months but now dead UPDATED Sept 2015:<br />This dryer died today after almost catching on fire.  I sniffed a burning smell and 2 seconds heavy sparks came out and it died. I only used it twice a month to dry my dogs for about 30 minutes each time. Always cleaned lint out of the air vent. Very pricy to last just 13 months with limited use. Does anyone make a quality product??<br /><br />his is a terrific dryer for the price here on Amazon.  It seems very well built and has a lot of power without being too loud. It has three heat settings and two power settings.  I love it.  Great for blow drying my two dogs on a cooler setting.
Painfully Self Destructed After 3 years - An Update Updated 11/9/12: About 2 months ago the original plug went bad. It had a built in GFCI feature and the trip switch eventually became stuck so that it would not turn on. I replaced the plug with a new, heavy duty one I bought at Home Depot, figuring the bathroom outlet's GFCI feature would provide the same protection. Then last night, while drying my daughter's hair, it started to smell of something burning and a few hot ceramic embers came shooting out. One stung my daughter on the back of the neck and while I waved my hand in front I got one embedded in my hand. Very small but very hot stinging. I threw it away for safety reason. So, it worked fine for 3 years but died an painful death. Be aware.<br /><br />Original review:<br />I was using a 25 year old, 1200 watt hair dryer. It may lost some of its punch over the years but it did dry hair. This is an upgrade, but it isn't a radical difference. The upside is the retractable cord. This makes getting it out and putting it away much easier and faster. The downside is that the cord is fairly short (the big safety device at the plug end is another story). I'll learn to live with it, but when I'm trying to dry the hair of my 7 and 8 year olds, who move around a lot, a longer cord is welcome. Now I have to get them to move their head around instead of me moving the dryer around. One thing I have noticed is that my kids now complain the air is too hot, something they didn't do with the old dryer (I have to switch to medium heat, and then it takes longer). It has a hot, medium and cool setting (and a cool push button for interrupting a hot flow) and slow and fast speeds. The buttons for speed and temperature are similar and you need to remember which is which. The cord retraction button, which is not obvious, is up on the motor housing; somehow I keep forgetting it's there. Overall, a good dryer, with some benefits and drawbacks.
Well made for professional use, but not for home use Not suitable for home use.  Too heavy and switches are small.  Though it is durable.
Great but does not hold up!! I purchased two of these dryers. One dryer glowed red hot after 8 months. I threw it out. I purchased another one and the plastic tabs that hold the dryer on the base broke. Customer service was horrible!!! They practically accused me of breaking it myself. The representative said that she owned one and my problem never happened to her. Anyway, after calling back I spoke with another woman who said to mail the dryer at my expense($9.00) and they would send me another dryer. Well I received the dryer yesterday, plugged it in and the plug popped and blew the circuit in the bathroom. I am almost certain they sent a refurbished piece of junk!!! Buyer beware!
switch broke hair dryer worked good for about 1 year. Then the switch broke, fused in the open position.I would not buy an Andis product again.
Cute but not good in Europe... It's definitely cute and Barbie-like. It does have an option for 250v or 110v... problem is, when in Europe even tho' it was on the 250v setting, both speeds were the same: HIGH and both temperatures were the same: BOILING HOT. I couldn't put the diffuser close to my scalp as the air was just too hot. When I got back to the states I tried it on 110v and it had two speeds and two temps but still way too warm for a 'low' setting. I wasn't able to return it because I'd passed the deadline by the time I got back from my trip. I will probably donate this... it doesn't really work overseas unless you want to burn your scalp.
Two Stars send it back did/t work
like my Bird better this dryer is: clumsy, clumsy attachements, I don't like the gold paint, it's hard to hold, I never use it.
not hot enough made my hair stiff OK, beautiful color, stylish, not heavy seems long lasting probably a good dryer for the right person.  Unfortunately I will have to return it.  This dryer takes a very long time to dry the  hair, it is not hot or powerful enough this should be best for fine hair.  it is kind of uncomfortable to hold as well,  I feel sad since I have to return it but it is not right for me, Love the pink color but what can you do?
a Bit Disappointed The on/off switch on this dryer needs improvement. I find myself turning the dryer off constantly while using it.
Poor airflow For all the loud sounds it makes, you'd think it was fiercely blowing air, but you'd be wrong.  It gets hot, but the air volume is low.  If stolen, I'd buy something else.
The bonnet collapses and is so hot, I hold it up with a clothespin! I use this dryer exclusively for when I color my hair with a henna because henna is heat activated.  So I do not use rollers but just put the bonnet on after applying the henna. (Not sure why the byline says from a 12-year-old reader.)     The high setting does a great job activating the henna, but the bonnet is so heavy that it collapses on top of my head and is so hot that it would burn if I did not hold it up manually.  Except since the bonnet gets too hot to touch, I attach a clothespin to it and hold the clothespin up for the 50 minutes that the henna is cooking.    It may work better with rollers, but the best idea would be to make a lighter bonnet that puffs up on its own, like the one that came with the old Carel dryers.    When I called the manufacturer to tell them that the bonnet acts that way, they were defensive.  If they could fix that problem, they'd have a much better dryer.
does not match a description It is very noisy! I was looking for a quiet hair dryer. I would recommend to update a description. I have a old hair dryer that is much more quiet the Conair 225R Comfort Touch Tourmaline Ceramic 1875-Watt Hair Dryer
It Broke! This hair dryer worked well for a few weeks, and I was impressed with the speed I could dry my hair and the softness from the Ionic stuff.  However, after a few weeks of use it broke.  It over-heated and then the off switch wouldn't work, so whenever it was plugged in, it was on!  Very disappointed, as I was enjoying my new dryer!
Okay I don't blow bry my hair often but I have to say this dryer doesn't get very hot. I have curly hair so I have been doing the air dry thing for a long time until someone showed me how to use the curly hair thingy, (you know the big circle thing with fingers). So I thought this dryer would do the trick. I think it does the job,but considering I have had not even a year yet, I wouldn't recommend it.
Just okay but STOPPED WORKING We have a home full of blow dryers, every bathroom has one and we keep our travel bags stocked with them as well.  This one performs as well as any of the other low cost models we've owned but it died 8 months into our use.
Didn't last as long as the previous model I've had this dryer for a little less than a year and a half and it just burnt out and stopped working a week ago.  I was drying my hair and heard the dryer suddenly get quieter. Then I smelled burning... And it just died. I'm a little disappointed with this as I had an older model that thankfully, I kept as a spare for travel. The older model of this dryer is still working 10 years later, sans a missing temp button that fell off just before I purchased this newer one.
DANGEROUS FIRE HAZARD I purchased this dryer a little over a year ago, and have used it almost daily to dry my hair after showering.  I was very happy with the dryer, as it was powerful and offered a reasonable selection of temperatures.  I exercised proper care for the dryer and never abused it.  However, Friday morning I turned the dryer on, and since it is getting cold, I decided to use high heat instead of medium heat like I almost always choose.  After just a few moments there came a hot, nasty smelling smoke jetting out from behind the power switch.  I unplugged the dryer and have not plugged it back in since.<br /><br />I went to Target to find a replacement, and was disappointed.  None of them performed as well as this one.  But I'm afraid to buy another.  What has the world come to when you can't even buy a decent hair dryer for less than $75 unless you're willing to accept this kind of crappy workmanship?  I guess the solution is to buy them in quantity and treat them as disposable.<br /><br />If it didn't perform so well (when it wasn't producing smoke and fire) then I'd give it the minimum score... but since it really does work nice, I'll give it two stars.  Buy more than one, and don't let them run unattended.
Do not purchase this item I purchased this product in September.  When I got it I was so dissapointed to find out how loud and heavy this thing was.  This thing is so loud that I have been asked by a family member to find somewhere else to blowdry my hair because it wakes them up in the next room over (and trust me, they are not light sleepers)!  After a few weeks of use, the dryer cut out while I was half way done drying my hair and would not turn back on for roughly 10 minutes.  I thought perhaps it was a fluke thing.  Nope!  Just over another month passed and the dryer began to spark from the inside and was glowing for about 2 minutes, when all of a sudden it stoped glowing and would not blow any hot air.  This dryer overheats like nothing I have ever seen.  This thing is awful.  I am so dissapointed because the last hairdryer I owned was an Andis as well and it was amazing! It lasted me just over 5 years, was super quiet, lightweight and wonderful.  Do not buy this item!
Does not sit flush... As another reviewer pointed out, this dryer does not sit flush with the wall.  You can see the metal mounting plate behind the unit.  There is at least a 1/4 inch gap between the wall and dryer.  If seems to work fine otherwise.<br /><br />If you're worried about the finished look of the product, do not buy this.
Poor I bought it for my wife - but she tells me that it is no good. The heat is not strong enough and when used for longer than 2 mins it will just turn off, until it cools off.
Poor battery life The battery life is very poor.  A new one lasts only a few weeks.  We burned through the original and two replacements in the four months or so that we've owned it. There is only the two of us, so I doubt it gets used even twice a day on average.
Follow-up Review After Almost Two Years of Use I have had this shaver going on two years.  The first one completely broke down after a year and Panasonic sent me a replacement - it was refurbished!  I have had that one about 8 months and it is terrible: the place where it shows minutes and other data is so scrambled that it is impossible to read - the shave is rough and no longer close. I just believe this shaver is meant to last no longer than a year and then it goes bad. By the way, this is an authentic review - I live in California and have been a member here for years.
Internal sparks after less than a year! I just signed in to find when I ordered this and it was last October. It has worked fine until it began having little sparks in last couple of days internally. Would not recommend this because of that hazard and only getting less than 1 year out of it.
Worst packaging ever I hardly post any reviews but this product forced me to place one. The packaging was not in order. The attachments of the dryer were left opened in the box. It seems to me that the product is used before as there were signs of use. I never expect open box shipments from Amazon but this is an exception. The product is in working condition so I don't want to enter into the hassles of returns. I will keep the product but not satisfied with the Shipping and handling.
Fire!!!! I have used three of these.  The first two each lasted a year before shorting out.  I kept buying them because I liked the cordkeeper function.  This last one, though, shorted out and started a fire.  I have notified the company and will see what happens.  But I doubt that I will purchase another.  It's obvious that this product has an engineering or manufacturing flaw and should be pulled off the market.
Waste of money! The dryer was great for about 3 weeks.  It was easy to install and had tons of power.  It dried my hair faster than my old dryer and was extremely light weight, however, it DIED!  I was drying my hair and it looked like something was on fire inside and about 30 seconds later it shot a streak of fire out and quit.  The heat source still works but the motor won't.  I am really disappointed with this purchase.
Lukewarm It's more or less sufficient for my thin hair and semi-bald head, but the hottest setting is no more than warm-ish.  Other than that, works well.
Extemely noisy After reading positive reviews, I orderd this hairdyer.  I had a Braun hairdryer that worked like a charm for almost a decade which now needs replacement. I dont want an Ionic Hair Dryer since it leaves my thick hair flat.    I was disappointed as soon as I took this out of the box, it's heavier than the Braun I had (too bad they dont sell any hair dryers in the US anymore) and the shape was kind of long.  When I turned it on, I found the dryer even in the lowest setting to be deafeningly loud and the air speed wasn't very good. You have to put it on medium of high to even get the temperature to be very warm but the noise was unbearably loud for me.   I'm hoping I havea defective dryer and I'm looking forward to trying the replacement Amazon agreed to send me.
Not good for my curly hair I've been using this dryer for about 3 weeks now and the airflow on the lowest settings is too strong.  Even with the diffuser on, my hair frizzes every time.  It doesn't dry my hair as fast as I expected it to either.  I also don't really like that the controls are on the back of the handle.  I end up changing the settings without knowing it.  I was using a T3 tourmaline dryer and loved it, but I thought I'd try something different this time.  I'll be going back to the T3 because it's better in every way.  I'm giving the FHI to my niece who straightens her hair.  I'm sure it would be great for her.
Meh I bought this dryer after getting sick of having to share my old one with 5 other family members.  It's neither great nor horrible.<br />It does what it is designed to do - dry hair.  That's about where the positives end.  The dryer is very heavy and it takes a good seven minutes or so to dry my baby fine, shoulder length hair.  The buttons on the dryer are in an awkward place and I'm forever accidentally bumping them and switching the settings or accidentally turning it off, mid-dry.  I did not notice any difference in my hair using this dryer with its purported ion technology.  The thing that annoys me the most about this dryer is the cord.  It's nowhere near long enough for my liking.  It's so short that I barely have enough length to dry my hair without sitting down - and I'm 5'3!  Bottom line: If you need just a hairdryer for a short amount of time and don't care that it's heavy/slow/has a short cord - then this is the dryer for you.
awkward and the brush head is useless I thought this would be an easier dryer for a young girl.  It's not.  It feels less powerful than my 6 year old Conair and the brush head that I thought would make it terrific is so flimsy-bristled it's useless.  My hair is fine and thin and the bristles just bend over if you try to use it.
Wanted to like it, design flaws then dies I rarely write reviews, but I wanted to warn others of my experience which seems to be very common with this hair dryer.  There are not many wall mount hair dryers to pick from, and I mostly liked this one while it worked.  BRIGHT night light (can be good or bad.. I liked it), nice physical design, and decent power.  I thought the air volume still did not compete with most $15 standard dryers, but if you are not looking for big air volume, it is fine. My wife misses a cold button.  So in all, a mediocre hair dryer but with great wall mount convenience and bright night light.  Now with the issues... Bought 18 months ago, worked fine except overheated very easily. If used on HIGH, it would run as long as you want till you shut it off, then the internal temperature would apparently overheat with no more airflow, and would refuse to turn back on for 5 minutes or so.  Annoying, but I got used to it by going to medium heat for about 10 seconds before shutting it off every time.  That seemed to cool it down just enough not to trigger the temperature limiter in case I needed to turn it back on right away.  I probably would have pitched it, but I liked the wall mount convenience and put 4 holes in my wall to mount it.  Well, here we are 18 months of life, and now it is completely dead. Night light on but the hair dryer is not home. I am electrically capable and could probably open up and fix this thing, but it is not worth the safety concern.  If you want to pay a premium for wall mount, just know you might only get a year or two out of it.. others seems to have similar experiences.  Sad that the $10 hand held models seem to last much longer.  Anyway, to cover up the holes in the walls, I am trying one of the other few wall mount options out there by another manufacturer. If this one dies, I am giving up on wall mount.  Good luck... hair dryers should not take this much thought.
Heavy and awkward I was surprised by how heavy and unwieldy this cheery yellow bird is.  I've been spoiled by lighter dryers and find my arms feeling weary and unwilling to spend time styling.  Not Conair's fault, it was my bad for thinking it would be lighter than it looks.  It's getting shoved to the back of a junk drawer.  Rats.
It's Just OK, not all that! The on off switch gets in the way of holding the handle and it often turns off while I am using it.
did not last very long This hair dryer only lasted a couple of months before it died on me. Pretty disappointed it didn't last very long because it was a great blow dryer when it worked.
I like the way it folds up I like the way it folds up, but the cord rarely retracts all the way without spending 5 minutes pulling it out and pressing the retract button and pushing it back into the handle. The blower itself works fine, but I bought it for the retractable cord, which is more a pain than a gain.
Not enough..... I bought this dryer to replace a Revlon one that had a short in the cord.  This dryer did not blow hard enough or warm enough to dry my hair in a timely manner.  I'm returning it.
Two Stars Good while it lasted.  I used it (at best) 5 times before it just stopped working.
Could be great, but... I purchased this because I wanted a wall-mounted dryer with sufficient power to dry my shoulder-length hair. I liked the cord storage and night light features, as well as the fact that we could use it on 1200 or 1600W settings based on who in the family is using it. It seemed to have the ingredients for a great little wall-mounted dryer. However, the dryer keeps shutting itself off (motor just stops blowing) when I dry my hair for more than 3-4 minutes. Once it cools down for a minute or two it starts again, but I have to tell you, this is a seriously annoying problem. I would not buy this again, and am pretty disappointed.
I should have paid attention I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.<br />The bonnet is adequate in size but the drawstring on the bonnet is so short that you can't expand the bonnet to a reasonable size to fit over curlers.  The bonnet connection to the hose doesn't fit securely so it is a juggling act to get the too tight bonnet on without disconnecting from the hose.<br />I will have to go shopping and find a dryer comparable to the Hot Tools unit that I have had for several yrs.  The bonnet finally tore but I have had 8 yrs of good use and the dryer unit is still going strong.  Too bad we can't just buy the replacement bonnets.
Two Stars Bonnet is too small
Perhaps good for N.A.S.A. Scientific Use. It certainly works okay, but !<br /><br />It's very big, it's quite heavy and you'll need to have a good memory to remember all of the functions.<br />I would say this one has been &#34;Over Engineered&#34; in the extreme and I'm sure as I will, many will go back to their lighter and simpler to use unit.<br />A speed, cool and perhaps two or three heat settings are I'm sure is what most of us need and want and I feel this baby has just got too many functions to be practical.<br />Luckily, I purchased this on a very special Amazon Deal, but truthfully I will just keep this one as a spare.
Worked for awhile I loved it...while it worked.  It lasted about six months before it just ... died.  First it quit working on high and then it quit working all together.  I really like having a mounted hair dryer in my small space so I'll be looking for a new one. It simply won't be another one of these.
Didnt last long I was going to buy a Babyliss but i ordered this one. It was a mistake since it is more expensive and it didnt last long. Now it takes forever to dry. I had many customers complain about it.
Stops Working After Exactly One Year Its an OK dryer.....however it lasted EXACTLY 1 YEAR!!  My hair dryer which I use sporadically (since I go to the hair dresser very often) stopped working last week.<br /><br />Terrible.
So so This hair dryer is mediocre. The attachments fall off and the high/low is difficult to use while drying my hair. I gave it away.
Has little power I have a previous conair blow dryer and it works great. it has so much power. The only reason why I purchased a second one is because I wanted a concentrator nozzle which mine did not have and i never found one wide enough to fit my dryer. So that is why I gave it a low rating.
As is likely with all hair dryers that have the ... As is likely with all hair dryers that have the retractible cord, it already quit working and I bought it in October 2013. Eight months later already quit. The two stars it got is for ease of drying your hair.
Redesigned yellow bird dryer is low quality Buyer beware.  The classic yellow bird dryer has been redesigned.  The dryer is lighter in weight (which professional hair stylists probably appreciate), but the air current flowing out of the dryer is considerably weaker than on the older model.  What a disappointment.  I had to return mine because the quality was so bad (after having used yellow bird dryers for many years).
Diffuser made curls frizzy The diffuser made my curly hair really frizzy and messy.
Great in theory, but execution/fabrication is lacking. The Hot Spot's technology works, it does help shorten the life span of pimples and help prevent breakouts from erupting.  However, the construction of this item is subpar - the plastic casing cracks after the first three uses, and in some cases renders it useless.  I don't expect something I paid $40 to break within a week of purchase.  I emailed Zeno's customer service to complain about the poor quality, and received a response that they were aware of the cracking issue and were working on improving the product which does no good for those of us who got the lousy ones.
Eh not as good as a standard ceramic Was not very powerful, was expecting a little more from it.
you get what you pay for I was hoping that this Revlon drier was a great bargain, and that its price of $12 wasn't an indication of a cheap or shoddy product.  When it arrived, I was chagrined.  It was a very light, very cheap feeling product, which also only had two possible heat settings.  All in all, a very unimpressive hair dryer; I guess sometimes you do get what you paid for.
Could do better in this price range I've had this hair dryer for a while and the biggest issue I have with it is that regardless of the heat setting, it dries out my hair. Badly.  Also, the attachments have a tendency to fall off which is a problem when you're mid-drying and it's too hot to put back on. I'm finally getting around to replacing it so that my hair stops getting damaged!
Enjoyed it while it lasted. I bought it in Nov. of 2010 and it expired in July of 2011. I have had goldfish live longer. I was using it and it suddenly started smelling like burning rubber. I immediately turned it off. Now only the low setting works.I have very short hair and it was not used daily. Hmm.....
Overall its ok - UPDATE - not really It is what it is for a $20 hairdryer. I didn't notice anything better or worse then most hairdryers I have owned except that it does automatically shut off if you use it too long. I guess it overheats? It will pop the circuit and I let it cool a bit and then hit the reset and it works fine again. If you have thick hair that takes a while to dry this would not be the hairdryer for you.<br /><br />UPDATE: So a few months later and this hairdryer has turned out to be not so great after all. It overheats quickly if it is on high for more than a minute, even though I have cleaned the dust screen, and it shuts off. Very annoying.
They break and the manugacturer doens't help This is the second Andis hair dryer I have had. The first was a gift and I loved it! So when it broke after 8 months of 3xs a week use I didn't mind buying myself a new one. Then this one lasted less than 4 months! Just up and stopped working mid drying one day - thank goodness I had a back-up! I tried calling and emailing the customer service for Andis repeatedly and have been completely ignored! I used to recommend this brand to everyone because the drying capabilities are amazing and the product feels sturdy - but now I would STEER CLEAR. My last conair was only $35 too and lasted for 8 years! I would rather go with something reliable than Andis!
ridiculous mounting system having owned a couple of the predecessors of this dryer, which were always quite satisfactory, I find this newly designed mounting system to be a poor excuse for a mounting bracket.  The screws meant to hold the dryer to the bracket are totally inadequate..too small to withstand the torsion of removing and replacing the dryer on the bracket.  I can't imagine how much was saved by changing to this style, but it certainly leaves a bad taste for the overall quality of the dryer.
i don't like it It was way too loud, does not dry the hair as fast as other hair dryers. It pulls way too much current making all the places were I have used it tryp the brakers..... Was not happy at all and gave it away
I don't see the point.. I don't know what all the fuss is about. However I'm not going to stand there with this thing stuck to my head to try to dry my hair. I found it so much easier and less fuzzier to apply product and let the hair dry on its own than to stand and let this dryer do its thing. A complete waste of money on my end.
Too slow This product was recommended to me by a friend who always has good hair. I bought it and I am dissappointed with as its so slow. I thought since I was paying so much it would be quicker & better. I don't personally like it that much. You need to have a lot of time and patience - and for that you can probably get good hair with any priced dryer.
Fan Blades Fell Off My wife has used this dryer for eleven months without complaint, UNTIL NOW!  This morning, all six internal blower blades literally just suddenly fell apart.  What is otherwise a great product is ruined by the poorly made fan blades.  It's obvious that the blade material is cheap and simply can't hold up.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!
Yikes! Don't Buy This Hairdryer! I've had two Revlon hairdryers over the past year and this one worked better than the subsequent one. I think I may have escaped burning my hair by taking the back filter off of it; my dryer also sparked but I realized it was because it was overheating. Taking the filter off the back creates better air intake and I guess fixed the problem (and I avoided, apparently, setting my hair on fire).<br /><br />Of course, you shouldn't have to do this, and doing so creates further problems. The filter is there to keep your hair from being sucked into the back of the hairdryer, so for the rest of its life I had to be insanely careful of how I held it. Unfortunately, even my drastic efforts didn't save it--it only lasted about six months. The transformer somehow stopped working.<br /><br />The worst part of my experience is that I bought another one, albeit a different model. I tend to blame technical difficulties on user error, but I can see in this case I was not alone. Don't buy this hairdryer; better yet, try another brand.
Extremely Unsatisfied... Dryer is very loud and it broke down after 6 months of usage... will not recommend it to other buyers.
Not enough power .... I was expecting more power.  In all fairness, my regular home-use hairdryers are larger, very powerful and much more expensive models.  I wanted something lighter and dual voltage.  This did not work for me and I returned it immediately for a refund.
Too Weak Everything about this hairdryer seems nice, except for the power. It is so weak. I do have thick hair but have another Conair that is much more powerful.<br />I would have returned this, but was able to swap with a friend who has thin hair.
Don't buy for the concentrator I hate this hair dryer. Sure, it dries efficiently, and I like the retractable cord feature (which you sometimes have to coax along, and the cord is too short), but I bought this hair dryer for the concentrator-the attachment that allows you to dry a very small and specific are (like at the salon). It just snaps on, instead of having a twist lock or something-which means if you so much as tap it (say, with the brush you're using to style), the attachment flies off. EVERY SINGLE MORNING. The switch is also a pain in the butt-hard to manipulate.  Like I said, it works fine, but I'm going to buy a different model so that I don't drive myself crazy every day.
Not the best I went out of my way to spend a long time looking at different reviews to find the most economical but high quality hair dryer I could find. This one seemed ok on price and the reviews looked good. All excited to finally used it, I turn it on and within 10 seconds it goes to this weird sounding low setting. I thought I must have switched it to low on accident until I double checked and I didn't. Then it went back to the normal high setting but every time I tried pointing it towards my hair it would switch back to the low setting with in 5-10 seconds. It took me three times as long to blow dry my hair where it came out all nice and frizzy (even when using a round brush). The hot setting when it did decide to be hot (big reason I bought this) wasn't very hot either (which probably caused more frizz). This low quality defective hair dryer was not worth buying.
Damaged my hair! It does dry the hair fast, but it really damaged my hair. It would get my hair so dry and fuzzy. I tried it twice, nad then gave it to someone else. I wouldn't recommend this at all.
Good hair dryer, if you don't mind buying a new one in 6 months. I purchased this hair dryer less than 6 months ago. I use it every other day at most.  This morning I woke up, showered, started to blow dry my hair and discovered that the heating element had gone out and all I can get now is cold air.  Considering that I paid $40 for this dryer at my local Sally Beauty Supply I was mad because I have had way cheaper ones that lasted way longer.
My old Remington ProAir Ceramic just died and I purchased ... My old Remington ProAir Ceramic just died and I purchased this as what I had hoped would be a suitable replacement. Not even close. The airflow is too forceful. Even on low this dryer whips my long straight hair into a tangled mess. The nozzle is too narrow so it further concentrates the airflow. The dryer is on the heavy side for it's compact size..The high heat setting gets way too hot. Even low, once it heats up, seems excessive.<br /><br />It's going back.
Wouldn't reccomend this to traveling hair stylists. As a professional makeup artist and hair stylist I invest in a lot of products. This hair dryer is really not my favorite. I usually hold it by the base when I'm drying a client's hair but it gets so hot that I have to hold it by the handle, but when I do that I'm touching all the buttons and turning stuff on and off on accident. Also, the part that holds the filter on the back of the dryer keeps falling off that I had to tape it and now it looks terrible but it's the only thing that holds the piece on. Not to mention the metal grate on the back that holds the filter in keeps caving in constantly. I feel like these are not meant for travel, which is funny because it's travel size. Maybe I got a bad batch or something.<br /><br />Yes it's a powerful driver, but this seems more like it's aimed at a consumer than a professional which is sad because I had many professionals reccomend it to me. I wouldn't reccomend this to traveling stylists, but maybe it works better if you have your own station.
Ok it's a hairdryer and .. so I like it for a hairdryer but I bought is as a QUIET hairdryer for grooming a skittish pup and it is not quiet.
Doesn't work for long! Worked great for about 6 months, then simply would no longer turn on.
Cheap It broke on me on the second use...Looks and feels cheap.  I rather pay more for a higher quality product.
doesn't do what it says the retractible cord and the ionic technology were the selling points for me.  the box reads provides maximum hair-conditioning ions for smooth, frizz-free hair.  not true.  my hair is curly and the ionic technology usually does the trick on managing dryer frizz.  however, this is not the case with this hair dryer.  i have come to the conclusion that the concentrator attachment is the problem.  it has holes on both sides that allow escape of air, and i can't think of any other reason than this to explain the frizz.  i bought a conair ionic as well, with the same type of concentrator, causing the same issue with my hair.  my previous dryer gave me the results that i like, and there were no holes in the concentrator.  the hunt continues...
Try Something Else It worked Ok in the first 5 uses and the it just fell apart till it died. When working heat in the bonnet was not equally distributed.
Weak This dryer does not blow strong.  We need to use the concentrator attachment for it to work at all well.  The diffuser is a joke - you might as well blow on your own hair.  I bought this to replace my 20 year old misty tone 1500 - it is really not any better at all.
Doesn't last long This dryer works well for a time, but breaks easily. I've replaced it 3 times! THREE! I bought it because it was the cheapest option, but after purchasing it 3 times, I should've just gone with a higher end model.
Blows strong but not Hot enough Dryer does not put out the heat as compared to the dryer it is replacing.  Blows strong but not hot enough.  The $20 Conair at Costco puts out more heat than this product.
Two Stars Very heavy, didn't get hot enough to dry my hair.  Returned it.
Bonnet tears The bonnet tore after three uses so that air flow was impeded.  After the tear, the air would not flow to the top of the bonnet.  I could not find a replacement bonnet when I searched online.
Way too bulky.... This hairdryer is way too bulky,big, heavy. Makes so much noise that it almost sound like airplane propeller. This is going back.
Good while it lasts I have owned two of these. This dryer is the best blow dryer I have ever had, but it lasts just about a year of gentle home use. Same results with both dryers. For this price would expect it to last much, much longer. I would not call it professional quality.
Too hot While the weight is decent. it's not designed well from a hand-use perspective. Also - no cool setting.  Hot air on low and high
Underpowered among other things.... So one day I forgot my Revlon RV484 dryer when I went to the gym. No problem since there are communal hair dryers I can use.  That day I found out how underpowered this HD was compared to other 1875w dryers out there.<br /><br />My hair is thick with a slight wave to it.  I like to get it as straight and clean as I can.  I don't like frizz, I don't go crazy with styling, I don't do the 'just out of bed' look either. I had been using this dryer for a little over 2 years with the concentrator.<br /><br />While true enough, it did dry my hair and I could get it relatively straight (as long as it isn't very humid), it took quite a bit of time and fussing to get it that way.  And by the time I was done, I had a bunch of small hairs going every which-way on the top of my head that I would need to smooth over with product.<br /><br />If I needed my hair perfect, like if we were going out, that means I left it in a Turbie for 30-45 min instead of my usual day-to-day 10 min.  That way it comes out relatively straight with little frizz (again, dependant on humidity) I guess if you take that into consideration, this works fine if you have loads of time in the morning.  Me? I like my sleep.<br /><br />Now, the air was hot enough but the amount of air that was coming out was not, even on the high speed (which it was on for 2 years!).  I wish I would have figure that out back then and exchanged it for something else.<br /><br />There were two features on the dryer that I could not tell you what they do, they never seemed to work or show a difference in styling for me: the Ion switch and the cold air blast. My hair dried just as slowly with the Ion switch on or off and the cold air blast was never cold or room temperature, it always just felt like the hot air was coming out.<br /><br />My other complaint is the attachments for it.  The diffuser and the concentrator.  I think I used the diffuser once but it suffers from the same, if not a little more, complaint.  The attachments are held onto the dryer by a little hump of plastic.  With any force, they pop right out.  Very frustrating when you're trying to get the dryer and a brush through your hair and the concentrator keeps popping off and falling on the floor.<br /><br />I did like the rubber hook on the base of the dryer, it came in handy for hanging the dryer on the side of my vanity when not in use (before I started packing it for the gym).  And the whole thing is light enough.lastic.  With any force, they pop right out.  Very frustrating when you're trying to get the dryer and a brush through your hair and the concentrator keeps popping off and falling on the floor.    I did like the rubber hook on the base of the dryer, it came in handy for hanging the dryer on the side of my vanity when not in use (before I started packing it for the gym).  And the whole thing is light enough.
Too much work! This dryer takes a very long time to dry my fine, wavy, chin length hair (20 minutes or more). I think the problem is weak airflow. Also, the styling nozzle keeps falling off, which is really annoying. I've had this dryer only six months, and am already investing in a new dryer of a different brand.  I thought the problem was my hair until I blow dried my own hair at my salon with my stylist's dryer, and it came out shiny and beautiful in so much less time. Since I use the same brush and product as her, I know it must be the dryer. For an inexpensive dryer, I preferred the Andis. I am paying a little more for my next dryer which is supposed to be of better quality.
adequate for the type of product that it is Difficult to place on head.  Could use a waist strap for heating unit so it doesn't keep falling off the table while putting on bonnet
Andis Blow Dryer bought as Xmas gift for wife, matched the 1600 kw of our previous Andis blow dryer.  But it lacked the blowing power alot. The light was also very bright on the wall mount, had we kept it I was going to remove the light. Did not meet our expectations, so i returned the item to Amazon.
Disappointing even for a cheap hairdryer I bought this Conair hair dryer to replace my old Conair, which I had for 4+ years. Unfortunately, it looks like the quality of Conair's products has gone downhill since my previous purchase. This hair dryer has a Comfort Touch coating, which I initially thought was very nice. It feels soft to the touch rather than the slick plastic of the older models. But after just a couple of weeks of use, the coating started bubbling and peeling off in the area where I hold the hair dryer. I've only had it for a month and a half, and the outer coating looks positively pathetic already. I also don't like the settings on this model--there are only two speed settings, with the lower one being barely on. The high setting is okay, but it does make me feel like I'm in a wind tunnel at times.  This hair dryer has some pros: It gets quite hot, and it's fairly lightweight. So if you don't mind your hair dryer looking like it's constantly recovering from a bad sunburn after a month of use, perhaps you'll like it.
I received this hair dryer on 5/12/2014 and it is ... I received this hair dryer on 5/12/2014 and it is already broken!  It didn't even last 2 months!?!?!  I'm hoping I just got a lemon.
Two Stars Bad smell come out.
Yes to the settings, no to the durability I appreciated the low noise level and range of heat/speed settings.  Unfortunately, the product lasted less than a month with daily use by one person.
Two Stars Disappointed - thought it would work on my hair...but made my curly hair straight...with the diffuser!
Disappointed in the packaging. This product arrived in an open box. The cord was pushed into the box. Looked as if it had been returned. But it arrived quickly and it works. Small easy to travel with.
Hair gets caught My hair gets caught and yanked if I get the dryer to close to my head. Also, it weighs too much.
Two Stars Sounds like it will burn out.
Worked great until it didn't I bought this hair dryer in mid Jan 2013.  It had all the power of my beloved previous hair dryer, weighed much less and cost less as well.  It is now mid October 2013, a mere 10 months later,  and starting my brand new job, I went to dry my hair after my shower and it just wouldn't turn on. I reset the dryer. I reset the outlet.  I tested my curling iron on the same outlet and it turned on.  I tested the hair dryer on a different outlet in another room and it still wouldn't turn on.  I was a very light user since I had it.  I never left it out or even left it plugged in.  I always put away after each use.  The dust catch on the back end was still not even dusty.  Just dead for no reason.  Will be exploring the 12-month limited warranty on the manual, but don't know what compensation that will yield.  Will have to go back to Conair Pro Ceramic since it always served me very well without fail.
Not easy to style hair with one hand Switches are hard to push up and down , hard to operate with one hand. Switches get stuck and need both hands to operate. Not user friendly.
hair dryer The dryer does not look very sturdy (inferior plastic) also when using dryer the cap became very soft and felt like it was melting.
Less than 1 year later, blows great, no heat! Weak blower as well. Why is it the old school Conair dryers would last for YEARS through the worst abuse, but these POS can't last 12 MONTHS under once per week use?  Supposed to be a one year warranty parts and labor. At $11 for a new unit, will cost more to ship to repair center than to buy a new one. Conair knows this unit is junk, hence the $11 price tag. What else is new?
You get what you pay for. It takes a few seconds to get the hot air and the plastic attachments fall off. I wouldn't buy again.
Stopped working within months I liked this dryer at first, but within six months it stopped working.  It had a burning smell inside.  Dead.  I don't know about you, but I feel like a blow dryer should last longer than that.  And, who likes getting stuck without one??
Not Impressed The one good thing about this hair dryer is that it is quiet.  Other than that, it is no better than my $15, ten year-old Conair.  The Elchim did not dry my hair any faster and my hair is less frizzy when I let my hair air dry.  I wanted a high-end hair dryer and was disappointed.  I didn't find the Elchim to be worth the price.
not for salon use I was excited about getting this dryer after reading the reviews.  Ive been a hairdresser for 12 years so unfortunally i have carpal tunnel.  This blowdryer is heavier than it says and it is very loud.  At home use would be ok but in salon use....not so much.  I actually returned this dryer to amazon.
Great Dryer - at first! I ordered this dryer  based on all the good reviews but also a little apprehensive because of of the few negative reviews, but because of the price, I decided to try it. I am glad I bought this hair dryer. It's very light and quiet and  I like that there is a cool air button so you don't have to keep your finger on it like most dryers. Great dryer for me!    I am now reviewing after 5 months of use.  WELL......it died on me today:-(  It did perform well while it worked! Disappointed!!!
Not for curly hair I got this for an overseas trip after searching through dozens and dozens of reviews of travel hairdryers **that come with diffusers** for my curly hair. I figured, why drop much $ on this if they all are mediocre?  And indeed I am glad I did not spend much on this one.  It does have strong airflow for such a tiny dryer, which is great for non-curly purposes.  But the diffuser does not slow down the air flow very much, and on top of that, the diffuser is SO TINY -- no more than 3 inches in diameter.  The low setting does not generate quite enough heat, but the high setting has too much air flow. I end up switching between low and high to build up some more heat, and only stick the diffuser into the roots of my hair so it doesn't totally blow out all the curls.<br /><br />So if you are picky about drying your curly hair with a diffuser, this probably isn't the travel dryer for you.  If you just want to give your curly hair a head start on air-drying because you will be somewhere cold, it's probably fine for that purpose.  Might be OK if you have very strong tight curls that don't get blown out as easily.  Or maybe you can get crafty and block some of the holes in the diffuser...<br /><br />The dryer did overheat a few times when using it on 220V with an adapter in Europe, but I think as long as you are conscious about not using it on high setting for too long, it should be OK.
Too much power This hair dryer does leave my hair soft, but it's air flow is much too strong for styling my shoulder-length hair, even on the low setting.  Since air flow control was the primary reason for selecting this particular item, I am disappointed and use the dryer only occasionally.
Doesn't last very long I bought this blow dryer about 14 months ago and it worked great when I got it but now it's not blowing strong, it's feels like it's on a low setting instead of high. I'm looking for a new blow dryer because I know this one is about to die.
GOT TOO HOT Loved this blow dryer... BUT one night it got too hot too fast and went out! I thought it had died! But it was just hot and had to cool down overnight. I was only half dry!
Not the quality I expected My wife has had Conair hair dryers in the past that have lasted many years. Old one finally died. Wanted the same pistol grip style so bought the Blackbird Pro, thinking it would last even longer. This one only lasted 19 months before the bearings went out and I am told by Conair it only has a 12 month warranty. Paid $30 for it, but was able to buy a different cheaper model at WalMart for $17 with a 24 month warranty. Go figure.
wish i could return not sure where other reviewers are coming from ,but i do not like this low dryer..it is way too cold even on warm setting and not strong enough..if it wasnt too late i would return it..plus the knobs are cheap plastic and about to fall off after 2 mos! waste of money!
Lasted less than 1 year I had submitted a review in February after owning this iron for about 10 months.  Now that I have owned it a year and no longer have a warranty it has quit working.  It is a great iron, but only plan to have it for a year.  If you are only interested in a short time using a great iron, and then spending the 100+ dollars again, then GET THIS IRON.      I was VERY disappointed when it broke, as I thought I'd get 2-3 years out of it.  It is made really lightweight...so I guess it should not have surprised me. I just hate spending more money so soon.  I am going to send it to the company and see if they will help me. SAVE your receipt. I typically ALWAYS do, but for some reason I can't find this one. ugh
My old Conair is better The description is misleading relative to heat/air settings. There are 2 air speeds and 2 heat settings plus a no heat button vs. 3 air/heat settings. The air speed, and not much of it, is the same on high and medium; the heat changes. On low, the heat is the same as medium but the air flow decreases.    I have medium-long hair and was looking for a dryer with three distinct settings. This doesn't have them. My old and working Conair has only two settings and is more effective than this. At 1875 watts, the air flow on this is sad. Perhaps that's intentional and I just fail to understand why high isn't very high. The cool air button on the back is marginally inconvenient. Regardless, here's one to avoid and I'm going to try to return the one I got.
Two Stars Worked great until it broke 8.5 months in.
Not really digging it Got this for travel purposes. Used it 2-3 weeks ago. Takes longer to dry my hair (which I expected due to less wattage) and it makes my hair more frizzy (which I did not expect). This is in comparison to the Revlon Rv544blu Tourmaline Ionic 1875 Watt Dryer, which I also got from Amazon. The product came exactly as shown in picture.
I don't usually write a review but... Had this item for a year now and it just broke on me, so I figured I needed to write a review to warn buyers. When the item first arrived, the back lid (air vent) didn't close all the way but it really didn't bother me much. I've had many other 1875w dryers and this one was a bit louder than my previous ones. About a week ago, the hair dryer stopped producing warm/hot air and now it just blows cold air. Had to throw it out and purchase a different hair dryer. This might just be a one time scenario... but I wouldn't purchase again.
Great dryer, until cord stops retracting Great dryer except that the retractable cord stops completely retracting.  I replaced the first one under warranty after about 9 months.  Within about another 9 months the second dryer's retractable cord would not retract completely.  I followed the directions as to how to retract the cord.  The warranty only covers 12 months from original purchase date so I am now out of luck as far as getting a new one.
Just the hair dryer I wanted .. or was it? Initial review:  This hair dryer is perfect.  It was extremely inexpensive.  It's powerful.  It has multiple settings.  It has a cool shot.  It is quiet.  Perfect!<br />On second though, however:  the operating buttons are awkwardly placed.  While trying to dry your hair, your finger will inadvertently keep turning the blower OFF.  Extremely poor design.
Two Stars Item broke after 3 uses.
broke after 4 months of use I really like this blow dryer (dried very quickly and felt that my hair was healthier than with my old blow dryer) but broke after 4 months of use.
Oster wall mount hair dryer It was just what I wanted and worked great for a few months, then one of the fan blades broke off for no apparent reason just after the warranty expired. No way to fix it, so it went into the garbage!
Two Stars Way too loud and large for travel. Returned it as soon as it arrived.
Loved it, but it died! I got this dryer for Christmas last year, and I absolutley loved it! I didn't find it too heavy. It was quiet, and my hair felt great after drying it. Only thing I didn't care for was how hot the attachments got after using. Other than that I loved this hair dryer.   But dang it, in October I took it with me to Tahoe for a wedding, and the dang thing just quit working. I was soooo dissappointed. I had to use those cheapo hair dryers that the hotels put in. I'm sorry but 9 months (maybe 3 days a week)of use and it dies!!!! What's up with that? If it had not died in such a critical moment, I would have given 5 stars.
Short life..... We had the dryer for a very short time when the switch would no longer work. It is almost impossible to take apart to repair because of the odd screws, holding it together. We are totally disappointed and just now ordered another brand through Amazon. Hopefully, this one will not be disappointing.
Burnt out This hairdryer worked as advertised for about 10 months.   After that point, the fan stopped working and it got really hot and overheated in about a second.  We'll see how good the customer service is.
Worked for a while I ordered this hairdryer for the simple task of quickly drying my short hair. I did not use it for styling or anything complicated, just simply for drying. At first it worked fine. Five months later, the hot setting clicks off one minute into running the hairdryer, and when that happens, there is a flash of light inside the dryer. The cold setting is not warm enough to dry my hair, so essentially, it is now useless. I should probably need to stop using it anyways, because the flash indicates the there is something wrong with the wiring and it is not safe to use anymore. I went back to return it, but it is too late. Mind you, the one they sent me could have been just a fluke, but for me, it ended up being a waste of money.
Didn't last 2 years Dryer worked fine for about a year and a half until one day, it powered off mid-dry. I figured I had accidentally shut it off with my thumb (since the control buttons are so poorly placed). The next day, halfway through my drying, it sparked and smoked. It was terrifying!
Two Stars I only had the blow dryer for less than 3 months and the heating element went.
Great drier...........meh Great product... Took me anywhere between 30-40 mins to blow dry my clients hair with my old blow drier.... With this new one its cut the time in half... It's has lots of power... Great deal... N it's super cute...   Update: 7-8?months later it only blows cold air. I wouldn't recommend this drier for the price they are selling it now. It's rubbish
Noisy The pros:<br />It will work for travel. Small enough to fit in your hand<br />It has a switch you can turn with your fingernail or a screwdriver 125 to 250V<br />Cost<br /><br />The cons:<br />It's made of cheap plastic. The folding handle feels like it's going to break when I fold it.<br />It's REALLY noisy. The pitch will hurt your ears!<br />It didn't even remotely blow hot air. Essentially, you're blow drying on a lukewarm/cool setting<br /><br />Follow up: I ended up buying a<br />Conair YOU Reel 2-in-1 Folding Handle Hair Dryer which I LOVE. It worked perfectly in the UK with a 10 amp converter and my hair looked so much better than when it did using this blow dryer.
not worth the money As others have written the night lights are worthless and stop working after about 2 days.  Unfortunetly I bought them because of the lights and thought they would look high end in my barbershop but instead made my shop look bad when I mounted them and one after another the lights started blowing out.  another issue is that I have personaly noticed is that the breaker triggers quite often if I use another item off the other socket.  Definetly, definetly not worth the price tag at all.  You can buy other blowers without the light for way way cheaper so your really paying for the extra light feature which doesnt work anyway.
Would not buy this item again I like the convenance of it hanging on the wall and the night light is nice.  But it doesn't seem like a 1600 watt hair dryer. It has  very little power and the power switch tends to turn off if you don't hold the handle just right during use.
great for a while Mine worked fine for a while. I've had it about a year but I didn't use it all that much until about a 2 months ago. After about a month the little plastic piece that you push to retract the cord broke so now no retractable cord. I liked that feature for easy storage. So far everything else still works. I'll keep you posted.
I was mostly happy with this dryer I was mostly happy with this dryer. Very lightweight and quiet, great heat, not as much wind and I can wear my finer hair longer. However, it died in the middle of drying my hair for work this AM and it's nine months old. I've had cheap hair dryers last for years! Disappointed and now have to start over in search of a good dryer for my hair type.
Great until it stops working! Hair dryer was amazing until it started to struggle and make sounds after 2 months of use and completely stopped / broke at 6 months. Contacting the company direct for a replacement since Amazon could not help.<br /><br />$135 is too much to pay for a hair dryer that lasts 6 months,... even if it was amazing when it worked!
died after 18 months but best concentrator attachment. UPDATE: I know this dryer was only $20 but it died after ~1.5 years. This is the first dryer to ever stop working for me, which isn't the best morning surprise. The rest of my review stands. the concentrator never fell off.<br /><br />I bought this hair dryer because the concentrator(?) on my old hair dryer always fell off. One day it started taking my hair with it. I bought the Conair Turbo Styler because the concentrator looked like it would never fall off. I've had this for a few months now, and it definitely stays put.<br /><br />The heat is on the lower end, I have fine hair so that works for me. I wouldn't advise this dryer for somebody with very thick hair.
Only works on HIGH setting in another country (at 220V) Gifted this to my mom in India. Since they use 220Volts in India, I needed something with dual voltage. What I realized was this dryer only works on the HIGH setting at 220V. I first thought the button was jammed, so tried again after switching to 120V and the button to switch high/low worked. I was very disappointed, but couldn't return the product since I was in another country and this was a gift.<br />I believe the product is designed that way, I wish they mentioned it. A low setting is critical to set a hairstyle or curl your hair.
Two Stars lasted all of 10 minutes before failing.
Two Stars Kind of small
Loved  the hairdryer but it quit working 8 months later! I too bought this hair dryer in November 2013 wanting something that would last longer but it quit working two weeks ago. Love the hairdryer but I don't think it's worth the money if it doesn't last.
Doesn't last Everything was great for about 6 month, the it stop working, why they keep selling a product that only last 6 months?, Better to take them from the market entirely and replace it with on that works longer even id it is more expensive.  One thing is certain, I will not buy a Remington drier ever!!
Don't Buy This hair dryer arrived today and I used it to dry my hair.  It took forever to get my hair almost dry by which time I gave up on it.  My last hair dryer dried my hair in 5 min, this one took 20 and wasn't totally dry.  The switches for the heat and speed are right where you put your fingers and very sensitive, so it was difficult to keep from switching temps or speeds.  After my hair was done, it was flat and limp and definitely not shiny.  No volume at all.  Don't waste your money.
Sparks shooting out of cord. Very dangerous! I liked this hair dryer well enough until sparks started shooting out where the cord is attached! I only use this dryer 3x a week and it didn't even last 8 MONTHS! That's ridiculous. I loved the length of the cord and that it had attachments. I smelled burning and sparks started shooting from my dryer, I throw it on the floor and quickly unplugged it. When I picked it up, the entire unit was very hot to the touch and the cord had completely severed one of the wires. That was not like that before I started. Is it too much to ask for a safe hair dryer?
I've seen this cheaper elsewhere This hairdryer does not get very hot. On high heat it blows warm/cool on the low blow setting. Even on the high heat and high blow setting it is only warm.  It takes longer to dry my hair with this than my 10 year old Panteen hair dryer. No reduction in frizz. I bought this on amazon but I saw this exact hairdryer at dollar general for $15.  It is ok. I wouldn't buy it again.
Heavy This dryer was really heavy.<br />It hurts my arm when I drying my long hair.<br />So I am using with dryer stand.<br />The strength is good and sometimes it sparks.<br />Cheap and cute. That's it!!
Warm Air Not Enough Heat!  The dryer does not get hot enough! I don't know if it is defective or by design that the air flowing from the dryer is not Hot enough and in not what I am used to compared to other dryers.  The original box was taped up, it might have been a return item.  Too late to return!
I have always loved the andis hairdryer but paid thirty some dollars for ... I have always loved the andis hairdryer but paid thirty some dollars for this and it only lasted couple months the switch quit working and the dryer would get so hot would shut off before could get my hair dry
It's ok but I was expecting it to have more ... It's ok but I was expecting it to have more power. Very expensive and same power as the previos model. I kept it because I don't have time to shop around, otherwise, it would had gone back.
faulty design When it works its okay, but the hood has a habit of collapsing when it gets too hot. The part that holds up the hood does not keep the hood up.
dont like this dryer at all:( This blow dryer was more annoying that useful.  I purchased this an an emergency dryer and mine gave up on me. What a disappoinment. The buttons kept swiching on there own from hot to cold to warm from medium to high heat. Just because the buttons are accidentally touched doesn't mean it should switch that easy. That alone did it for me. Also my hair frizzed up almost immediately after drying my hair. On the other hand my mom used it and although she also complained about the buttons switching easily,  her hair didn't frizz up my mine did. It stayed smooth.
Disappointed This Andis hair dryer is toooooooo big. <br />Very difficult to handle. <br />Not recommended!
OUCH! I had a different wall mount dryer that died on me and was trying to find something that would last longer (I had the last one for a few years but...) so I purchased this item based on the reviews.  I was disappointed in the quality of the dryer.  The wall mount itself was flimsy and there is no filter on the back to clean out and keep your hair from being sucked into the back.  Unless I am very careful, my hair gets sucked into the fan in the back and ripped out of my head.  I will use it until it dies but I would not purchase this product again.
Hair dryer I received this hair dryer in December of 2012, tried to use it in January of 2013, lifted the hood and a piece snapped off. Now my hair dryer hood does not stay in place. I cannot use this item and do not recommend it because it is not durable.
Switch problem A month after receiving this dryer there was a problem with the switch when operated in the high position.  To make it operate you physically have to hold the switch in the high position. Wife said, she would use it and deal with the problem instead of being without a  hair dryer.  Other wise it performs as a hair dryer.
Broken less than 2 years! When it works, it a lightweight and powerful hair dryer. However, it started to make weird noises and squeaky sounds after 1 year and three months. Other hair dryers I used usually last more than 2.5 years!
Disappointed This dryer is only 1800 watts -  I am sorry I didn't read closer, if the wattage was noted, and purchase a more high-powered dryer.  I didn't return this one because I discarded everything before realizing it.<br />Mary in VA
heavy and ineffective This hairdryer gets very hot, but not much air blows out compared to other (I have an older conair that I love) hairdryers. It's also very heavy.
Air Velocity probably not that high About ten years ago, hairdryers had AIR velocity that was more powerful, but now its about 20% less.<br />Is that because of the noise issue?? They shouldn't do that; bring back the high air power!<br />(I just bought the Andis 1600 regular size hair dryer).
smaller than you think This pill box does not hold 50 pills.  Given that vitamins and supplements are of various sizes, this container will not hold more than 10 total.
Not Quite Happy I have had many other twin turbo dryers. I feel this one was not even close to the same as the drying power, and it is too small , and doesnt fit right in my hand.The heat is no where near as hot as it used to be. The only reason that I didnt return it was because of my own laziness. I will keep it as a second dryer, i will continue to search for something as good as the old twin turbo.
T3 hair dryer Not the best hair drier I've used it gets hot as you cornuie to use it but I wouldn't have purchased it if I was to look for a professional hair drier that can bring up the heat because this doesn't really do that.
Doesn't get hot enough Nothing special here.  Just a very basic hair dryer.  I like the color and the cord, but not the drying power.
I purchased a flamethrower, cool. I had a Remington dryer before this that lasted 5 years. I have thick, super long hair, so I needed something powerful that wouldn't leave my arms sore from an hour's worth of styling. My old hair dryer did the job in less than 15 minutes - it was miraculous.<br /><br />The new line stinks, period. Instead of staying consistently hot, it cycles through heat settings (including cold). The cord is also much shorter than before - a pain for tall women. The newest development with my dryer is sparks SHOOTING OUT from the dryer INTO my hair. Um, hello?! I've had this for 8 months, and I use it anywhere from 1-3 times a week for 20 minutes or less.<br /><br />Two stars because it is still fairly powerful, and drying time isn't insanely long. I want to love this dryer... I just wish the old version was still available.
only good in US when you don't have to flip between 110 and 220 when I flipped to 220 I could no longer turn the hair dryer to high. and now can't flip back to 110.
The dryer is good. Just wish the attachments stayed in place I use the concentrator every time I dry my hair. It falls off at least 10 times. It gets really hot too so it's a pain to put back on constantly. The dryer is good. Just wish the attachments stayed in place.
Great until it breaks! I had this dryer for a about four months until the motor/fan began to spark and I decided it was no longer safe to use. Prior to this however, it worked wonderfully. Shame it broke.
Two Stars Too large and bulky.
Did not like this dryer at all! I bought this dryer about a year ago at Target becuase I was looking for a dryer with a diffuser.  The first time I tried it, it was very difficult to turn on becuase of the flat switches, which are pretty stiff, and the texture they have on them doesn't help you grip them at all.  And it takes forever to dry your hair with it becuase it doesn't seem to get all that hot.  The folding handle and retractable cord work just fine, very nice for storage, and yes the cord doesn't really fully retract after the first time you use it, you're left with about 2 inches of cord sticking out.  I definitely would not recommend this hair dryer. The only reason I can't bring myself to throw it out is because it technically still works and I'll at least have some hair dryer in case my good one breaks.
Caught on Fire! This hair dryer seemed to perform ok for a few months, but then it caught on fire.  Seems like manufacturers of electrical appliances could prevent fires.  Just good thing my wife didn't get burned in the process.
I would not purchase this product. This blower dryer ... I would not purchase this product.This blower dryer arbitrarily cuts out during blow drying. It does come back on after a couple of minutes, but I've never had a blow dryer do that before.
Two Stars So hot I couldn鈥檛 use it except to thaw ice in my freezer.
Be careful!!! I had been using this hairdryer daily for about a year or so... until today.  As I was holding it above my head, drying my hair, I heard a pop.  A few sparks flew out the end and into my hair and the whole thing shut off.  As it turns out, the area where the cord attaches to the handle got so hot that it melted through the plastic coating, exposing about a half-inch of singed wires. A tad bit dangerous if you asked me!  Granted, I used this dryer on the highest heat setting everyday for a year, so I got a lot of use out of it, but every other hairdryer I've had in the past simply blows cold air when it stops working properly--this one could've caused me bodily harm.  I think I may look into buying a different brand this time around.
Two Stars To bulky for travel.
disappointing I was really excited about this product as i am a firm believer in the benefits of tea tree oil. The scent was mild and to my liking. However the effects wore off in a few hours- a much shorter time than my fragrance-free crystal deoderant which contains only natural mineral salts. While at work i could actually smell myself-to the point of embarrassment as i felt sure that others were also smelling me! This from some-one with a naturally mild body odor and body chemistry. I tried  it  at least 3 times,  hoping that I was mistaken but the same thing happened every time. Since it came in a packet of 4, I gave them to my husband. it seems to be working a bit better for him, but the effects are still for a fairly short duration. If you have a shower every 4-5 hours or so though, this product may be the perfect one to get.
2nd one in 2 years broke I only blow dry my hair straight about once a week.  Although I liked the blowdryer, I've had blowdryers last years.  I went through 2 in 2 years.  So:  Not so good.
Lasted barely a year The hair dryer was great at first, but just after I had it for a year it broke and would only blow cold air.  Not worth the money...
Lastest almost a year... Well, this is an update to my previous review.  This blow dryer has stopped blowing hot air, only blows cold now.  It happened right after I pushed and held the cold shot button in for a minute, maybe less.  I feel this dryer should have lastest longer.<br /><br />THIS LITTLE HAIR DRYER IS POWERFUL, IT'S NICE AND PETITE, AND THE AIR IS NOT TOO HOT THAT IT BURNS AND NOT SO COOL THAT IT DOESN'T DRY WELL. IT'S THE PERFECT TEMP.  SO FAR IT IS THE BEST LITTLE HAIR DRYER I HAVE EVER OWNED.  THE ONLY DRAW BACK IS THAT THE CORD DOESN'T RETRACT. HOWEVER, THOSE USUALLY BREAK SOONER THAN LATER, SO I AM HAPPY.
Did not last long I have owned this dryer in the past and this was a replacement after 3 years of my old one! This one must have been refurbished or defective because it didn't perform well after only 6 months. I went into Ulta and purchased a new t3 in person. Hope it lasts better than this one.
Hardly any power I have fine straight hair that takes hardly anything to dry, but this dryer isn't even up to the task.  It blows air on your hair and I'm sure speed along the drying process, but I wasn't able to use it for styling as it had neither enough heat nor enough power.  The one time I tried I got my hair tangled in the fan despite the screen guard and burned out the motor.
Worked good until it broke.. I really liked how this dryer worked.  It produced a good stream of nicely heated air and seemd to dry my hair fairly well.  However after 3 months of normal use (used it once a day for about 5/7 days a week).  It suddenly stopped producing hot air.  Very disappointed...
Small Diffuser.  Does not work well on curly hair. I bought this for my wife, who has long, brunette curly hair.  She blow dries her hair every morning with a diffuser.  I bought this to replace her current Conair dryer from Target which is on its way out.  Unfortunately, the diffuser with this blow dryer is very small (just under 4 inches in diameter).  She dried her hair once with the unit and said it had to go back due to the small diffuser and that it took too long to dry her hair.<br /><br />As for the positive, she said it was quieter than the Conair unit it was supposed to replace.
Works great for 4 months, and then dies! I gave this hair dryer to my wife in mid-April for her birthday.  She loved it.  It got VERY hot and dried her hair in about 10 minutes, which was a whole 10 minutes less than any other dryer she had used.  Everything was peachy until about a month ago (September) when all of a sudden it started making a terrible squeeling noise which required a bang on the counter to get working properly.  The constant banging lasted for about a month and now it squeels and doesn't get hot anymore.  All said and done, this is a great dryer if you only want it for 4 months, but for this kind of money I would have expected it to last a lot longer!
East Feet Not So Easy I thought this sounded like a great idea but was disappointed. The brissels need to be softer and they bent after the very first very brief use. I doesn't stay in place when moving foot back-n-forth. I tried to lodge it in a corner but of course when you move your foot backwards it will not stay in place.Just a note I did not purchase at Amazon.
Stopped Working... The hair dryer actually worked great for a few months but after using the cool button the other day it will not blow any warm air.
Changed the name I purchased a hot tools blow dryer and they sent me a Helen of Troy blow dryer that looked exactly the same except for a few details. they put it in a hot tools box and everything looked exactly the same. I am disappointed because I like the brand hot tools and they never said anything about Helen of troy. the dryer works fine and everything but it had dust and dirt smudges on it when I got it.
Stopped working suddenly after 6 months Had a previous Remington hair dryer for almost 4 years that worked fine, but my hair dresser told me I should buy a new one. Replaced it with this same model, and the new one stopped blowing out hot air after only 6 months. I dry my hair in halves with a break in between (can't stand to do it all at once), and the dryer randomly stopped working between halves for no discernible reason. Very disappointed because I misplaced the receipt, but I will not buy this brand again.
Loud Extremely loud.  The concept of the side usage is fantastic and that is what I am searching for.  This product is just too loud.
Weak Based on mostly positive reviews I purchased this hair dryer - usually the reviews on Amazon are on target - not this time.  This dryer appears to be well built and fits the space on my wall fine but has two major flaws that make me regret my decision to purchase:<br />1. The night light is way too bright.<br />2. More importantly, the air flow on the high setting is woefully inadequate for me!!!  Trying to dry my hair each morning during this hot summer has been no fun with this hair dryer barely pushing very hot air at me.  It usually leaves me sweating with semi-dry hair.<br /><br />I hate to waste hard earned money, but I'm looking at trashing this unit and finding a replacement (I used to have a Sunbeam model that worked great).<br /><br />Good luck shopping!
Two Stars the switch to turn on and off is terrible
Switch Failed When it was fairly new the hair dryer switch refused to go the the high position.  Unfortunately, since I purchased it as a Christmas gift for a family member long before Christmas, I was not able to return it to Amazon so I had to pay almost the cost of the hair dryer in shipping fees to return it to the manufacturer.  I just received the warranty replacement unit.  The hair dryer performs great, but the switch failure was annoying.
fell short I ordered 2 of these dryers and returned both.  My hair is very thick and it didn't blow hard enough nor hot enough to dry my hair.  If you don't have really thick or long hair--it will probably work just fine.
Watch the Buttons! I ordered this because I was looking for something to speed up the drying process for my long hair and decided to try this one based on the fast dry ionic feature.  The product dries my hair OK but I can't see any difference in the time it takes compared to my old blow dryer.  The things I don't like about it are:<br />1.  It's really big.  I had to reorganize my bathroom because it wouldn't fit in the drawer my old blow dryer occupied.<br />2.  It's really big (again) - I have small hands so it's uncomfortable and unwieldy to hold and operate.  One small plus is that, although it's huge it's thankfully not very heavy.<br />3.  Watch out for the buttons!  They are placed on the handle in a way that allows you to accidentally turn the hair dryer off, change the drying speed or the temperature while you are trying to dry your hair.  Since this just happened AGAIN to me I decided to write this review!  It's uncomfortable to try and hold a huge hair dryer while having to constantly watch the position of your hand on the handle where the buttons are located so as not to change a setting while operating.<br />I'll keep this because it's easier than returning it but if I had it to do over again I would not purchase this particular hair dryer.
Amazon.com is not an authorized dealer? T3 won't give warranty coverage I like the product. However, having purchased it from Amazon.com, T3 will not allow me to register my product for future warranty because they claim Amazon.com is not an authorized dealer. For such an expensive every day product, a warranty would be nice to have in case anything were to go wrong. I received an email from T3 and a call back both confirming that they do not consider Amazon.com an authorized dealer. When I called Amazon, they had never heard of such a thing. Amazon.com offered to exchange my featherweight tourmaline dryer with another but that did not resolve my issue. I cannot get my T3 Tourmaline Featherweight 83808 hair dryer covered by T3's warranty because it was purchased through Amazon.com.
Not much cotton The wooden sticks on these swabs break frequently.  There is not much cotton on the tip.  The 6 inch version work much better.  [[ASIN:B000GULSL4 COTTON APPLICATORS PURITAN NON STERILE 6'' 100/PKG]]
Hot and Loud I've been looking for a new dryer with a soft bonnet after my last Vidal Sasson dryer broke.  This dryer gets very hot on the middle setting but doesn't dry very well. The low setting while cooler doesn't dry your hair. I  thought the exessive heat would make your hair  dry in half the time but it doesn't. This dryer also makes loud straining noises, which I am hoping doesn't mean the motor is about to quit.<br /><br />My old dryer is no longer being manufactured and this was the only alternative I could find. What can you do.
Great while it worked This was a great hair dryer....for 8 months.  Yesterday the heating element stopped working and now it only blows cool air.  I thought since it was a Revlon product and it wasn't cheap that it would last for years.  I was wrong :(
CHEAP THIS DRYER JUST STOPPED WORKING ONE DAY.  I GUESS I WILL NEVER KNOW WHY, NOT WORTH IT AT ALL URGH
Seller substituted other items that looked the same This item was no longer available in stores, so I ordered enough to last a year from Amazon seller ABC Wholesale because I liked the product so much. They packaged the items in sets of three in plastic shrinkwrap.  They substituted a different style (Volume Blast), which is in the exact same can except for the name.  I did not notice the substitution until I opened the last 2 shrink wraps.  All six were the substituted item, not the Max Volume item that I had ordered.  Now I'm stuck with 6 cans of hair spray that are a very different item and performance from what I had originally ordered.
Ok hair dryer, but has several design flaws I've had this hair dryer for about 6 months now and I'm not all that impressed with it. It's performance is decent (dries hair quickly with less frizz), but it's design and construction leave something to be desired.    Issues:  1) It's really heavy so be prepared for your arm to get a work-out when using it.  2) The placement of the cord retractor button is really bad. If you set the dryer down on it's side sometimes the retractor button will get bumped causing your dryer to slide across the counter.  3) About 1 month ago the on/off button popped off. I was able to stick it back on, but it will occasionally still fall off during use.  4) The cord retractor is somewhat dangerous and also will get stuck occasionally during cord retraction.  5) The placement of the cool shot requires you to hold the dryer awkwardly to keep from accidentally pressing it.    Maybe it's just a matter of preference in design, but this dryer has been  very awkward and difficult for me to use. I just don't think that the performance is good enough to put up with all of the negatives. I will probably shell out a little more money the next time I purchase a hair dryer and get something better.
Just ok... Very light weight and quiet, but controls are on the handle and are sharp... have to hold it at the very bottom of the handle so not to switch the settings, and smells like burning plastic...
Good for one use... These flower-shaped toe separators are super cute and they work fine to separate your toes to polish but when you take them off, the flowers easily rip off making them good for one use.  I'll have to sacrifice esthetics and go with the plain old separators next time.
Not a keeper I've had this hair dryer for 9 months and use it daily, but now am ready to give up on it and try a different brand. In the beginning, it worked pretty good, but it didn't take long for things to stop working correctly. Today was the final straw; after blow drying my hair this morning, it smells burnt. I'm getting rid of this thing before it starts a fire!<br /><br />PROS<br />*Comes with lots of accessories<br />*Dries hair quickly<br />*Back opens so that dust filter can be cleaned<br /><br />CONS<br />*Cool button stopped working after a few months<br />*LOUD<br />*Risk of fire/burnt hair<br />*Did not last long
Hair dryer great but the hose is not I love being able to have a salon quality style from home.  This little hair dryer works a treat to bring out the best curl.  BUT the hose has ripped and torn in three places so far.  I have had to duct tape the hose together.  I would recommend discovering if another product has a better quality hose before purchasing.
And is Hair Dryer The brush is way too soft. It doesn't make it through my hair, wet or dry. Had to send it back.
You will be replacing the unit every two years or so. Bought this item twice. The first unit lasted about two years which I thought was a bit short but it was convenient, worked well and seemed worth a second try. Maybe the one I got just was not a good one. Our use was far from excessive. It was mounted in a master bath where only my wife and I used it. We both have short hair.<br />The second unit I purchased had an additional issue. Though the price was about the same, the cord from the unit base to the wall outlet was significantly shorter than on the first. I guess they saved a few bucks by providing a shorter outlet cord (now about 2-3 fee)t. I accommodated this though the wall setup did not look as tidy as the first unit as I did not have a long enough cord to reach the outlet. The bigger concern is that 2 years later it stopped functioning again.<br />Rather than buy another wall mounted unit, I bought an aluminum generic hair dryer wall mount http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00FS0EFLM/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 and purchased an inexpensive hair dryer than I can easily replace in the future as the need arises.
Hair Dryer I was disappointed in this product as the bonnet was smaller than the previous dryer I was using by Hot Tools and had problem getting on over my large rollers.  After using about 5 times it stopped working.  I will say that it is compact for travelling but feel that it is undependable.  The temperature did get extremely hot so for a quick dry it was good from that standpoint. I ended up purchasing another Hot Tools Dryer, a little more money but worth the price in the long run.
Flawed Cord is way too short.  I can't hold it over my head when standing in my usual spot.  Also, it's not hot enough.  The hottest setting is more warm than hot.  It is lighter and quieter than most, but I still regret buying it.  I did not tried the attachments.  They went into the trash along with the box.
Two Stars Like it but not too much
Handy, good, but not great This dryer worked well when I got it, but it didn't last. I was very disappointed with it, especially for this price.
No better than the rest. 6 months later and the motor is lagging. i keep the vent cleaned to no avail. It's also not that quiet. Revlon makes a much quieter one. Really disappointed.
I hate this dryer My previous Remington dryer (which I loved) died after a few years, so it was time for a new one.  The good reviews seemed legit for this one & I have the matching Remington Pearl Straightener, so I went for it.  BACKROUND:  I have long, thick, wavy, blonde hair that I wash & straighten every 3 days or so.  PROS:  I like the looks of this dryer & it dries my hair.  Other than that, this dryer is horrible!  CONS:  It is the heaviest dryer I have ever owned, the buttons are so awkwardly placed that it is difficult to get a good grip w/out changing a setting, & it takes a long time to dry my hair (much longer than my last few dryers).<br /><br />Why did so many people rave about this?  I don't get it.  I would return this if I could, but I already demolished the box.  Booooo!
Works Great!  Well it did for awhile. Has a good volume of air on high for a compact unit, but the trade-off is it is a bit noisy too.  Not mention in the listing, but the blue button is a cool air button and works as would be expected.  Unlike the Revlon Rvdr5033 I had the cool button on this unit just turns the heat off and back on when released and does not change the fan.  It gets very hot on high and so did the Revlon.  Too hot it seems to me but it appears no one makes a 1500 watt model anymore.  I could find nothing but 1875 watt models even in compact.  Not pictured or mentioned but this one like all of them has the huge block on the cord end with a GFI and AC plug as part of that block.  Even though they tell you not to put two GFI's on the same circuit and there hasn't been a house built in almost 40 years without a GFI covering any outlet in every bathroom the requirement for this still persists.  I like that you can easily take the cover of the fan in the rear for cleaning.  Not many of the compact models seem to have that feature.  Overall a good unit.  Time will tell how durable and long lasting it is.  I can only hope it is as good in that area as the one it replaced.  Update 7/21/15: Well it is NOT very long lasting.  About 4 months in it suddenly started smoking and got very hot very fast did some nice sparking and arcing, then quit.  We will see if they honor the warranty.
Excellent product for such a great price Excellent product for such a great price. Hearts well, folds even better! Impressed.   UPDATE...   After using it maybe once a month (4-5 times since purchase) the retractable cord no longer works. Very surprised because it seemed like a pretty good product. Still works decently well but that sucks!
Blew up after 1 year! I would not buy this hair dryer again.  I have had it for exactly 1 year and it performed ok until today. It is 5 days past the warranty period and it just broke. Sparks started coming out of the back of the unit and my entire bathroom smelled like it was on fire.<br />I do not wash my hair daily. This product was used 2-3 times a week. I also regularly cleaned the back filter of any dust or debris, so I am pretty disappointed I only got 12 months out of it!<br /><br />Even before it stopped working I was not all that impressed with it. It dried my shoulder length fine hair in marginally shorter time than a regular dryer and I did not really notice a difference in added shine.<br /><br />I will be placing an order for this cheap Revlon RV544PKF 1875W Tourmaline Ionic Ceramic Dryer, which I purchased to replace my MIL's ancient one last year. This Revlon hair dryer I AM really impressed with. Super light weight and dries hair in record time.
A step up from level 6 I stepped to level 9, after using level 6 for about eight months. Once I stepped up I finally began to see wrinkles become less prominent, and my acne more manageable. However, my skin became so red and irritated and my usually oily skin began to dry out. The results I did see were not worth the side effects and were not worth the money. Green Cream in general has a high alcohol content, and I first became aware of this when I started using Level 9 and found out this is what was most likely making my skin dry. There are far better retinol treatments on the market, especially for the amount that is paid for these products.
Minimal Results I used this product for  little over six months with less than stellar results. I am in my early 20s and have had lines around my eyes since I was 12 due to the way I smile. Even after nightly use for over six months, the lines around the corners of my eyes (that will one day be crows feet) are still very visible and  I have seen no reduction what so ever. I did have fain dark circles under my eyes that have faded slightly with the use of the product. To some up, I was expecting a lot more based on the price and the supposed research and engineering that went into development.     I will up and date as I still have some left, but don't waste your money this isn't a miracle formula.
waste of time and money this dryer is a waste of money, the hood does not adjust and it is difficult to get it positioned over your head so your hair actually dries. you have to stick your head all the way to the top of the hood to really get the air on your hair, and since it only really comes out of a few holes on the top it just burns a few spots and doest really affect the rest of your hair. this is only good for people with really straight fine hair. not for rollers or any types of styling .....
Two Stars Not as powerful on lower power
Great if it didn't break I bought this for my wife who liked it, until it stopped working 2 monthes after we got it.  We'll see how well they honor the warranty.  It was a little heavier than her past cheap versions, but dried faster and I liked that it was much quiter.
Good blow dryer, but ..... the heat stopped working after a few months from buying it. I have long and thick hair, and the blow dryer dried my hair in 20 minutes ... smooth with no frizz. I loved it. I didn't even need to use the straightener. Before the Andis 1875, I was using a cheap blow dryer, and it lasted a lot longer than the Andis, and I washed my hair every other day.  After I bought the Andis, I was washing my hair every 3rd day, and it crapped out on me after a few months. I would not recommend buying this blow dryer. :-(
Didn't last long Purchased October 2011, broke March 2013.  So only lasted 1 year and 5 months.  Used it only 2 times every week, so it was gently used.  Will replace it with a different brand.
Two Stars Too hard to handle
Disappointed This is my third one and have been pleased with the units in the past.  This unit has been  dramatically changed from the previous units.  The other ones had sturdy mounting hardware and the design was much better.  This new unit looks to be constructed rather cheap.<br />We like the light in the units but the last one didn't last near as long as the first one.  I have yet to hang and use this new one due to the fact I will need to plug holes and paint before I install it since the mounting is totally different.<br />I intend to keep the unit and will hang it in another bathroom but in the future I doubt if I buy another Andis.
This hairdryer doesn't have enough oomph to get the job ... This hairdryer doesn't have enough oomph to get the job done.  It needs more power to blow air.  It is frustrating to dry my hair with it.
It worked great for 18 months- and then it died. I read so many reviews on this hair dryer before I bought it and I purchased it anyway despite the fact that several people noted it died shortly after purchase...so mea culpa.  Here are the positives:<br /><br />-It's very light<br /><br />-Generates great heat<br /><br />-Love the extra long cord<br /><br />-They provided extra filters when I purchased it which I thought was a good thing but....<br /><br />Now the negatives:<br /><br />- Even if you change the filter regularly (hint, hint with the included extras), mine died after a year.<br /><br />- It's passing was very dramatic and looked like it was going to catch on fire, and smelled like it too.<br /><br />So it's great as long as it works, until it doesn't........
Didn't Last It was a nice hair dryer, came highly recommended by several sites. Unfortunately, it only lasted about 10 uses before the power began to surge and there was a distinct ozone odor coming from it. For safety I shut it off immediately. I don't use a hair dryer that often, so I had already had it past the time I could return it. I don't know if mine was a dud or not or if it perhaps was damaged some way in shipping, but I hesitate to buy the same model. It was to replace a dryer that had lasted me over 10 years, so I am very disappointed.
terrible design Whom ever designed this hair dryer had to be stoned! They put the power switch buy your pinky finger so your constantly turning the dryer off every time you grip the handle. The &#34;High&#34; heat is ok, could be better. But as the old saying goes...&#34;You get what you pay for!!&#34; So true.
Great blowdryer for 4 weeks! Can't tell you how much loved this dryer...for 2 weeks. The first one I bought burnt out on me in less than a week..shipped it back and gave it another try. I've not had my replacement one for 5 weeks and now the cool button is stuck. Sending this one back too..don't buy!!!!
Timer Knob Broke in Less Than 6 months! I bought this hooded dryer because I do roller sets & deep conditioning treatments weekly.  At at first, I was really happy with my purchase; the dryer is quiet, and dries my hair quickly.  However, less than 6 months later, the Timer Knob breaks!  I tried super glue, to mend the knob, but that didn't work so this dryer is USELESS now.  I cannot set the time/turn it on, without that knob so I can't use the dryer.  I'm extremely disappointed in the quality item and I basically feel like I threw $100 + in the trash.<br /><br />I can't remember if this dryer came with a warranty, but if I could give the Timer knob replaced I would rate this product higher; for now it's non-functional.
I have a mini pro and thought the one I ... I have a mini pro and thought the one I ordered was similar. It was bulkier to use and heavier. I returned it. The &#34;Mini Pro&#34; is what I hope to purchase as my current blow dryer, still working well, will need to be replaced in the near future.
Did not last a year! I've had this hairdryer for less than a year and its button functions  are not working anymore even though the hairdryer itself is in perfect condition.<br />It is a shame that Conair uses such cheap materials for their products.
I don't even dry my hair but a few times a month so this is not the best purchase. Within nine months of purchase this hair dryer stopped working - overheats within minutes.  I don't even dry my hair but a few times a month so this is not the best purchase.
Had the style/features i wanted, but it broke on first try I wanted to like it, but the first time plugging it in and pressing the switch up, i heard a snap and the switch was no longer workin. Sent it back.<br /><br />Gave it two stars for the benefit of the doubt: Sometimes these things just happen. That, and the item despite being lemon, it felt like decent quality, especially for the price.<br /><br />Might try another one in the future, maybe there was a batch batch.
Two Stars had difficulty with switches due to reduced mobility of my hands. no problem with any other features
Low Quality Conair The dryer overheats and shuts off and cannot be reset (You have to wait until it cools down on its own or only use it on a low heat setting); the tube that connects the bonnet is not very durable.  Conair could do better - my last two Conair dryers have not lasted.  I can't recommend this item.   (And note - I bought this unit from a store, not Amazon, so Conair cannot blame their lack of quality on Amazon)
Nice product but poor quality This hairdryer is overall okay, albeit the somewhat heavy weight. After one year of use though, the main switch just broke in half. It's quite a shame that such a 1-cent part can break and make the whole product unusable. Grrr.
Worked for two years, then started smoking We had this hair dryer for two years.  It was for my boys to use, so all they  needed was a simple dryer.  They usually wound up using my nicer hair dryer as they just didn't like this one.  After two years of limited use, it just started smoking one day and we had to throw it away.
Expectations Just not enough blow power compared to the one I had.  Takes too long to dry even on high.  No, I wouldn't buy it again.  Did not meet my expectations.
Not as good as it looks Looks great and presented excellent...  But- This Item must be turned off completely after each use near where  the unit was installed at the rear of the toliet near the floor!!   You and or your guests have to remember this.(Stated in the directions)   In Asia where these are very popular you do not have to turn the unit off after each use.  Mine leaks a little either in the open postion or closed postion while hanging on the wall!!!   I would say to look for a better unit before buying this one- I was very dissappointed in the quality.
Revlon RVDR5005 Ion Select 1875 Watt Travel Dryer Revlon RVDR5005 Ion Select 1875 Watt Travel Dryer<br /><br />Product works as it should, however, the concentrator styling attachment won't stay on.  I was away for 18 days after purchase and now find out I have exceeded the time for returning the hair dryer for a full refund.  I am not a happy Amazon shopper and will probably not purchase items from you again.
Disappointed I ordered this blow dryer pictured and the one I received was a blue and black one. There was nothing on the page when I ordered that said they could come in different colors so I was very disappointed. The blow dryer itself is fine I just don't think they should send a different color than pictured.
BUYER BEWARE I read all of the reviews and decided to go ahead and buy this hairdryer in July 2013. It is a good, quiet hairdryer that I enjoyed for 16 months. However, just like the other reviews suggested, there is, indeed, a problem with this product as it has started to &#34;spit&#34; sparks as I'm drying my hair which is clearly dangerous. Although 16 months have passed I find it hard to believe the manufacturer wants a dangerous product out in the marketplace. According to the return policy, I am not able to get a refund or a new product so BUYER BEWARE! This product can be dangerous and their policy doesn't seem to address this situation. Amazon, please consider what you might do to help this situation given the product is spitting sparks within inches of your customers' faces. Perhaps you should discontinue selling it...
This is just like the one I have This is just like the one I have. According to the discription in the ad by Amazon, it was suppose to be light weight. But I was disappointed when it arrived, because it weighed more it was discribed.
Short lifespan This product burned out after about 7 months of once a day, short usage. it is not reliable as this is the second (and last) one I have owned.
Heavy and hard to hold on to This hair dryer/styler is heavy and oxy to hold on to.  Buttons are in a position so that you turn it off when drying hair. Makes hair very dull, big and fly-away. Definitely will not recommend!!
don't buy it from amazon Don't buy it from amazon, it arrived on time buy it had scratches and looked used.
Was advertised as red and came as salmon pink. ... Was advertised as red and came as salmon pink. Lasted roughly 2 years before the heating element went out. Also, fairly weak fan.
Two Stars STOPPED WORKING AFTER ONLY 7 MONTHS :(
Powerful, but not that hot. This product was listed as a 2000 Watt Ceramic/Ionic hairdryer.  It certainly had 2000 watts and was as loud and powerful as a jet engine in my bathroom.  However, despite the power, the heat was lacking.  And, it was so powerful, it was difficult to control fly-aways.  Not recommended for curly hair where you are trying to control frizz and defeat humidity.  Too powerful, but not hot enough to help.
Wouldn't recommend I bought this dryer in a rush at Target and have regretted it ever since. My main issue with the design are the buttons. They are meant to be slid into position but I usually cannot get it to budge and have to try to force it my thumb nail, which isn't very pleasant.<br /><br />It's also very loud and it constantly makes a popping crackling what-have-you noise like it may explode any moment.
Good while it lasted, which was 1 1/2 years First off, the hair dryer worked great when it was working.  You can read the other reviews about how well it works.<br /><br />BUT -- the wire slowly starts to twist and it's not possible to fully untwist it.  It has to do with the rubber that covers the copper wire.  Well, this morning the wire completely disconnected from the hairdryer itself.  There was no smoke, fire, etc.  It just twisted off.  This is poor construction and something that you'd expect from a cheap product, not from something that's $100+.<br /><br />Giving it 2 stars because when it was working it was great, but a $100+ hair dryer should last longer than a year and a half.  $30 hair dryers may suck, but they are at least built to last longer than this one.
not as good as i was expecting. i've normally loved my elchim blowdryers. this one did not make the cut. i felt like it was smaller and less powerful than my usual blowdryers. if i could return it, i would.
Don't believe what you read! I purchased this based on a write up in Prevention Magazine.  Yes, a great dryer with lots of shine BUT the locations of the control button stink!  I spend more time reselecting the temperature/speed/on & off, as no matter how you hold this dryer, you are pressing a switch.  I would recommend this to NO ONE!  It's just poorly designed!
Two Stars Not powerful enough and not a good value for the mney.
Short-lived I bought this in March and by July it stopped blowing hot air. It's such a shame because it was a really great hair dryer when it was working. I noticed other reviewers have said the same thing, which makes me think it's a flaw in the design.
Meh... I've had this blow dryer for about six months. It dries, it's strong, but I keep smelling a slight burn scent and I feel like it's just about ready to bite the dust. I don't really even blow dry my hair that often. Also, it claims to be &#34;ionic&#34; but my hair is totally frizzy after using it, so it seems like just a buzz word on this product. You get what you pay for. I'll be shopping for a more quality product.
I wouldn't waste my money on this My hairdryer fried out when I was on vacation after a few months.  I replaced it with a 30$ revlon hairdryer that has lasted four years. I wouldn't waste my money on this!
Not Powerful and Brush is Too Soft I have used a brush type styler/dryer for many years. They straighten and add lift to my otherwise wavy hair, plus I have more control over the drying process. This dryer has a brush with very soft bristles that will not grab the hair in the same way similar brands do. The bristles will no doubt collapse after a few uses. It's also not a very strong blowing hair dryer. I found very little difference in the medium and high settings. I have long hair and it took me quite a bit longer to dry my hair with this model than with the Vidal Sassoon dryer I was using previously. I'm not impressed with this dryer.
but the lifespan is way better. This blow dryer was amazing- for about 5 months. Then it died. I'm a stylist so it was very lightweight, which is important, and it got through the toughest hair. Until the day it died. I have gone back to using my twin turbo- which is heavier, but the lifespan is way better.
Buy from a place that you can exchange easily I purchased this as a Christmas present and how embarrassing was it when the person I purchased it for said, well, I loved it until I used it the third time and when I went to take off the concentrator the whole front of the blow dryer fell apart. I guess we'll see how highly rated this seller really is. He hasn't responded to my email still!
Not tear free kids shampoo product is nothing special, especially since most kids shampoos are tear free I was disappointed to find that it burned my 6 month old sons eyes.  Boo hoo.  Will not purchase again
The old version (purple, black, gold logo) was much better I bought this to replace my aging Hot Tools dryer. The air flow is weak, it doesn't get very hot, and there aren't any vents near the nape of my neck, so the back of my hair is never dry. I would return it if I still had the box.
Electrical issues with power cord - Beware!!! Lasted about 2 years and recently it stopped working when the cord moved. To get by, I move the cord until it starts working again. I had a feeling a retractable cord was a bad idea. This could start a fire! So if you are looking for a short term hair dryer that is a fire hazard, this is the one for you.<br /><br />So how did it do leading up to this point? Not impressed. My previous Conair Ion dryer was awesome. My thick long hair dried in half the time with my old dryer. My expectations were high for this one and it was just average...less than average because it died so soon. I am willing to spend the extra money for a quality dryer. You should too!
Two Stars Makes a noise like its broke
I like using this dryer Overall, I like using this dryer, but I have had to get it replaced twice in less than three years. I would not recommend it, as it is not a long-lasting product. My most recent one lasted ten months, and it didn't even get used daily.
Two Stars No better than less expensive hair dryers I have owned.  Died after about 6 months.
Unretractable cord This dryer works as well as any 1875 watt hairdryer and the price was right.  The main reason I bought it was for the retractable cord.  From the very first time I used this dryer, the cord wouldn't retract all the way-it left about a foot loose. Could never find the time to return it (my fault). Now, 4 months later, NONE of the cord retracts-which is frustrating.  Had I seen this review- I would NOT have purchased this dryer.
I would have said it was GREAT....except... This WAS a great hair dryer for a couple of months. I received the dryer in May and used it regularly for several months. In August I noticed that it just didn't feel hot any more. I pushed all the switches and button up and down, in and out several times to see if something was stuck but no luck, it just stopped blowing hot air.  I immediately contacted Andis via email and asked what I should do about the malfunctioning dryer but as of now, 3 weeks later, no response from Andis. Bummer!
Nice Design, but Dryer This design with the hook to hang the cord on is great, but the dryer itself only has two modes: &#34;Off&#34; and &#34;Burn your scalp off Hot.&#34;
OK, for less than 6 months I bought this at a local store and it was fine for a while (other than the fact that the off/low/high switch was difficult to move), but then one day turned it on and I noticed it didn't sound as loud and found that it wasn't heating up at all and there was just a bit of cool air blowing out.  This was less than six months after purchasing.
Conair's Customer Service Kindof Stinks. I had a hairdryer for over 10 years when I decided it was time to let it go and buy a new one.  I bought the Conair 223X Cord Reel Dryer in August 2010 at a large chain drugstore for about $35.  It worked fine and I had no complaints. I liked the sassy color and the retractable cord feature.  I have super thick hair that can frizz in humid weather.  I didn't see any improvement in frizz when using the dryer. I guess it dried my hair quickly, but I don't remember noticing that it dried it any faster than my pervious hair dryer.    Today I went to dry my hair and the dryer wouldn't work.  I pushed the reset button on the plug and it wouldn't reset. I pushed the reset button on my outlet and it was working.  I tested my outlet with other things and the outlet was working.  The tag on the plug said I should refer to the user manual.   I found it on Conair's website but it was not helpful (they actually had the wrong user manual uploaded to the hairdryer). So I called the number on the site, and a polite gentleman answered in less than one ring. I explained the problem, he asked me a few questions, and then looked up the warranty.  The item is under warranty for 3 years, so I am eligible for a new dryer. HOWEVER, I have to ship it to Conair's headquarters in Arizona, I have to enclose a note explaining the problem, along with the service # he generated for me, and then I have to enclose a check or money order for 3 dollars to cover shipping and handling of a new dryer to my home.     I'm really disappointed that after only 6 short months of very occasional use (i was only drying my hair maybe 4 times a MONTH) the dryer has stopped working.  I'm also disappointed that I have to go through a rigamarole to have the dryer replaced.  With today's technology, they could easily email me a voucher for a new dryer. They could also send me a prepaid shipping label and not charge me shipping and handling for a new dryer.      Maybe I just got a clunker, lots of folks like the dryer.  Just hope nothing goes wrong with it, or you'll be spending ten bucks to replace a 25 dollar dryer!
Bulky and Strange Heating The quality of hair dryers are all over the map, just like the pricing. I've had cheap ones that have been outstanding, and expensive ones that have been horrible. This unit falls in between. While it is an 1875 watt Ionic, the heating/thermostat seems to be too variable. Even on the hottest setting it stays lukewarm unless you keep it on for longer then 5 minutes. I reminds me of a car warming up, in that it doesn't just start right away, you have to wait to get it right.<br />It is also a little bulkier than I imagined. I do not like the tiny ones, but I was looking for something that had some space considerations regarding storage. It is very large. Combine that with the heating issue and I could not recommend this, even at the price I paid.
:Not long lasting... dont buy the tester ones... I dont recommend you to buy these tester ones. Every tester I bought doesnt stay on me long, maybe half an hour, then I dont even feel the fragrance. Dont waste your money on TESTERs...
Two Stars Very low air pressure.
Not great Has a nice holding grip.. Makes alot of noise and pushes very little heat. Could be that I was just unlucky with this one.
Quiet hairdryer ? No way ! Having purchased a similar product some years ago, that I was happy with, I re-ordered this product. It is an updated version of my earlier order. What a difference. This dryer is very noisy and I would not recommend it. I was disappointed and returned the product.
Not a good dryer I had a bed head dryer which i used for six + years.  I wore out the plug on it and replaced the 3 years ago.  One day, the replaced plug arc'd electricity and ruined the dryer.  :(  Because the bed head dryer I purchased was so great, I found this one with similar features as the previous one and purchased.  I used this one for six months and it was awful.  The dryer would over heat the exterior of my hair and not get the hair closer to my head dry.  Tried all different combination settings and it caused horrible frizziness and breakage in my hair - no matter the setting used.<br /><br />In January, I purchased a Hot Tools blow dryer and immediately frizziness went away.<br /><br />Do not purchase this dryer because it causes hair damage quickly.  My hair is extremely thick and curly with highlights and length is midway down my back..
Do not recommend I do not recommend the purchase of this product. It does dry your hair,however, the attachment does not lock in place and makes it very frustrating and awkward to use.
No serial number T3 dryer I ordered a T3 dryer from Amazon because I had one previously and really like it.  I just tried to register the dryer and realized there was no serial number on the cord.  I should have read the reviews because I see several other people have had the same problem.  Disappointed about this.  You think you are getting a good price and then find out maybe in the long run your not.
blow and go Still can't get a handle on this product............can't seem to get it to hold standing position on a counter top...............holds great on a mirror.
Travel dryer This dryer was not as small as I expected it to be .  Also was not as light as I wanted.
Frizzy mess This dryer made my hair frizzy and rough feeling, not what anyone wants from their blow dryer.  It also felt cheap and was loud, like those terrible blow dryers in hotel rooms.  This was a dud and returned.
Two Stars Hair dryer was fair, attachment falls off when drying.
lasted 6 months I gave this to my sister as a birthday gift along with the hair straighter this worked great for  her until it just stoped working out of nowhere we tried everything from the reset but to calling costumer service nothing helped horrible product
Buttons are impossible to operate This hair dryer is undoubtedly a great price and it does get the job done.  I haven't had any fuss with the fuse or anything and I supposed it's nice having the kind of fabric (not really...suede like?) feel of the hair dryer (Vs. plastic) for wet hands.  That said, the buttons used to operate this thing are impossible.  If you've recently put lotion on your hands then you can just forget it.  Seriously....more than once have had to use a butter knife to operate it, my friends and my mom have had the same troubles.  I would definitely pay $5 for one with better buttons.
Meh.  And then it broke.  :( I bought this hair dryer from Target 4 months ago because it had the best reviews of all the ones they had there on the shelf.  In my house, we only use the hair dryer around 3 times a week total between my husband and myself (I only have to style my hair once every 4 days or so)... so this thing got minimal use.  When I bought it I was annoyed at how the temperature switch (to go from hot to cold) is in a spot on the handle where you usually grip the thing while you're drying.  I would constantly accidentally switch it to the cold setting.  And, I never felt like this got hot enough to style my thick, unruly hair.  My hair is crazy thick and I need a lot of heat to get the frizz out while I'm drying and styling... but I've had to deal with this and hair dryers not being hot enough my whole life, so this wasn't a huge surprise.  But then, a few days ago the heat function just completely broke.  So, now it only blows cool air no matter what.. which makes it basically useless to me.  I suppose that for $25 I got my use out of it for 4 months... but I hate that I'm having to send another plastic piece of trash to the landfill a lot sooner than expected.  :(
NOT INFINITI! I received this blow dryer today and it is NOT an Infiniti blow dryer. It is just a regular Conair blow dryer.
Quit working after 5 weeks Purchased this model because it had all the features I was looking for. After about 5 weeks it will not heat up only blows barely warm air.
After 9 months - fried itself to the surge protector I splurged for a really nice blow dryer.  It was pretty quiet and did the job every other day - pretty normal usage.  But, this morning while using it, it just stopped.  I tried to unplug it from the surge protector and it had fused itself to it.  Not what I expected from an $80 hair dryer. I'm just glad it wasn't plugged into the wall.  Would NOT recommend.
didn't last Just purchased this a few months ago but didn't start using it until a few weeks ago.  It's only blowing cool air now, hard to believe it's a salon dryer. While it worked, it worked well but I can't return it now and it wasn't worth what I paid for it.
Didn't Last Lasted less than 8 months
Not as described This dryer is not featherweight like it says in the name.  It weighs about the same as the one I was already using.  My hair does not dry any faster and is not made any smoother than it was with my old dryer.  It's not bad, just ordinary.
BIG NOT travel size. Works well but heavy and large.
heavy, loud, and not that quick to dry I've used so many different hair dryers, and I've always focused on those that dry quickly and delivers much air flow so my hair doesn't feel burned. If it's quiet, it's a big bonus.<br /><br />My favorite is this: http://www.amazon.com/Sharper-Image-Ionic-Conditioning-SI745/dp/B00007M1U2/ref=cm_cr_pr_pb_t , the Sharper Image ionic hair dryer. I like the travel version because it's light weight, yet delivers just as much power and air. Too bad this is no longer in production.<br /><br />I also enjoyed this: http://www.amazon.com/Healthy-Infusions-Wahl-Pro-Dryer/dp/B001E6G6FC/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top , and I use it as my alternative hair dryer when I can't access my Sharper Image dryer. This one, too, delivers great air flow at an appropriate temperature and dries my hair quickly and gently.<br /><br />Now, to our product at hand... it's heavy compares to the two I had just mentioned. It's not any more quiet. I don't generally use the air diffuser on my Wahl, but I do use it on my Sharper Image. I tried using the diffuser with this Remington, but whether I use it or not, my hair gets very tangled afterward, which isn't a problem with neither of the two I had mentioned. It also does not dry quickly as the title implies, nor does it make my hair feel anymore healthy than before I use it. In fact, rather than taking half the time to dry my hair, I think it doubles the time.<br /><br />My hair is past the middle of my back, so it's a bit long. Maybe this is a great dryer for shorter hair? I don't know. I can't recommend this to others. On the bright side, I get a nice work out with my right arm using it... haha...<br /><br />Two stars, because it works.
Asparagus Pee Blow Dryer! For the longest time I was trying to figure out what the bad smell was in my bathroom.  Turns out it's the plastic piece that covers where the cord meets the dryer.  It smells a little like asparagus pee!  Totally confusing and I kept cleaning until I figured it out.  It's been weeks now and while the smell is getting better, I still smell it.  If you have a good sniffer, like I do, you probably want to avoid this product.
Don't want it anymore I had a Conair hair dryer for about 10 years before it died on me a few weeks ago. I decided on this Revlon hair dryer for features including the retractable cord and folding handle among others. Seemed like a great price for a decent hair dryer. It dries my hair fine but I cannot stand the on/off switches. They don't slide up and down easily and I often have to wedge something underneath the slide to get it to turn on. Drives me nuts. I don't recommend this dryer for that reason.
Do not buy! This dryer gets way to hot. It over heats and burns your hair. I am still waiting for my hair to grow back,
This one replaced one exactly like it which the handle would no longer lock in ... This one replaced one exactly like it which the handle would no longer lock in place.  The new one has an issue that you have to fight the cord to get it to retract.  The dryer part of both work fine.  The bells and whistles neither chime or whistle.
Expected too much It is lightweight however it is very loud and it is not as powerful as i thought. I ended up buying another one a few months later.
Two Stars Totally not worth the money.  Nothing special about it.
Burned my thumb I don't know if its lack of skills on my part or lack of quality in this product but it just doesn't do what I expected. Also, when I used the highest setting I literally, not exaggerating, burned skin off my thumb. I don't know if I touched the dryer or my hair while it was hot because when it happened I didn't feel it at first. I don't want to return it because I'm still hoping I can make it work for me.<br />When I get someone who knows how to make my hair look the way I want with this dryer I'll update.
weak dryer I bought this dryer, but when I recieved it and try it was not as powerful as i thought it would be . Then when I wanted to returne it they said they will be 15% restucking fee which sounds really sucks. If I did not open to try it how do I know that is work for me or not.I would never ever buy anything frome discount jungle.
Heavy and not that great This hairdryer is very heavy and difficult to hold with one hand. I didn't notice anything special about the way it dries my hair. Other, cheaper hairdryers work just as well or better.
Just ok Not crazy about the diffuser, which is what I bought it for.  I have wavy hair and this doesn't really work for my hair - it leaves it looking limp and seems like it takes longer to dry my hair than my old hair dryer.  It is lightweight.  Maybe it works better for straightening?
I don't like it I returned it and it was somewhat costly as I had to pay return postage.
Trouble with the heat The heat did not last for long, just cold air blows.  The dryer is stylish and the attachment does not fall off.  It is sad the heat stopped within a week.
Quiet but extends drying time Did not meet expectations - returning for refund.  The motor is quiet but it takes a longer time to dry hair and then the hair is fly away  - not what I wanted at all.
The convenience is nice, but it failed after a year. Installation is fairly easy.  The convenience of having the dryer on the wall, along with the cord management, was as hoped for.  However, it failed after a year, with smoke and burning plastic odor. The failure occurred in the wall mount area. Given the nature of the failure, I can't recommend this dryer.<br /><br />If you need the convenience, I'd recommend just buying a regular hair dryer along with a nice universal wall mount.  I've noticed that many hotels no longer have wall mounted hair dryers, probably to help save on similar maintenance issues.
OK while it worked. I have ordered this hair dryer less than a year ago and it is already broken.  The retractable cord stopped fully retracting after about 4 months. After 11 months, the high and medium settings quit working and only low is still operational. I expect a hair dryer to last more than a year.
Not so happy with it It could have been better for the price. It keeps burning my hair occasionally, a problem I never had with the previous dryers. I dont like it for that reason but otherwise it is fine. I bought a different dryer for primary use now. This is just for emergency use.
Started sparking after several months of use I would have rated this hairdryer higher, perhaps even 5 stars because it works really well and my hair has been healthy and shiny even though I don't use styling products on my hair, but.... it has started making a popping sound and shooting out sparks at me!!  I have never had a hair dryer do this.  It seems quite dangerous.  Today I my left index finger feels like it got a slight burn on it after I used the dryer.  It sparked once a few days ago, but today is was much worse and made the popping sound quite a few times.  I will have to go out and buy a new one today and I'm sure there will be no customer support from Remington, so I'm not going to bother.  I wouldn't buy this one again unfortunately because it did not last nearly long enough before it started to malfunction.
Heavy and handle a little too fat for my preference This hair dryer works just fine but it was not as compact as I expected it to be.<br /><br />It seems that with the ability for the cord to retract, they had to make the handle part fatter.  For someone with smaller hands, it's a bit more effort to hold the dryer up.  And on top of that, the dryer is pretty heavy which makes it even harder to hold it up straight for an extended time.<br /><br />If you are smaller built and want things small and light, then this may not be the dryer for you.
Great dryer when it worked Great dryer when it worked.  I purchased this hair dryer in January 2014.  Only used it twice a week on the low heat setting up until now.  Yesterday while using the dryer on the low setting the motor speed suddenly became very low and the thermal switch inside kicked the heating element off.  This is the second Vidal Sassoon of this kind I've purchased.  The first one lasted six years.
Had it less than 1 year and it doesn't work Sometimes you get what you pay for. This is one of those cases. There's no lint on the back that would cause it to overheat or anything. One day it just started switching to a warm/cool setting even though it was set to hot. As time went on, it just doesn't even get hot anymore at all, warm at best. I had this less than 1 year and always kept the back cleared of lint so this is just a junk product. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it does come with attachments that similarly priced dryers don't usually come with, and there's a removable cover thing on the lint trap in the back that makes it way easier to clean, you can remove it and wash it off in the sink in 2 seconds. But it doesn't work long so don't expect much.
I don't like It's a lot of work. I hate blow drying my hair as I have very long and curly hair. This blow dryer does not make it any better or faster of a process.
Frustrated with connector This would be a great product if the bonnet attached to the hose more securely.
Two Stars It doesn't blow as hard as I wanted it to. But will do.
Read the fine print It was much smaller than I thought it would be.  It really looked like a toy.  I didn't read the details close enough, I guess so I didn't realize it was only 1200 amps instead of 1875.  I decided to give t to a little girl instead of the adult I originally purchased it for.
Hard to tolerate, but I hope they work. I tried these for about three days and found them difficult to tolerate. The bottom strip is especially challenging to get on right, and they make me salivate for the 30 minutes I have them in, and leave goop behind. I have to really motivate myself to use them, and have several times wondered if my teeth aren't already white enough. My dentist recommended them, so they probably do work if you can stick with the regimen. I haven't been able to so far.
Too noisy for me This is the noisiest hairdryer I have ever used. Apart from waking anyone who might have been sleeping, it was headache inducing. It operates well and looks good but the noise factor was unbearable. I am not a whinger and am pretty easy to please but this was not worth keeping and was returned.
Way too heavy This dryer is professional quality and, it does work very well if you have the muscles to operate.  It is too heavy to travel with.
Not sizes indicated The picture shows an 8 oz bottle and 5 oz toothpaste. At that size it'd be a good deal. What you actually receive is a 3.4 oz bottle and a teeny-tiny bottle of toothpaste. (lost it on vacation, so can't post actual size.) The actual product is good, but don't buy this version of it.
Would not buy again We bought this hair dryer in Oct. of 2009 and it stopped working in May of 2011, up to that point it had worked OK.  It is small and loud and did not dry as well as a normal size hair dryer.  We would not buy this product again.
Not Great dont buy This hair dryer not hot enough and the motor was slow.  I have fine hair and when using this it made my hair freezy
NOT SO GREAT So I purchased this hair dryer in March 2013 and I need a new one already.  While it worked it was good but then things went wrong as I dry my hair I see a spark like when you pull a plug out of the wall.  I don't know if it is because I use a metal brush but it snaps and then sparks not so great.
Two Stars Broken after 1 year
Loved it, worked great Bought this in 2013.  Loved it, worked great.  All of a sudden stopped working.  Contacted seller and they said because it was 2 years ago, they wouldn't replace it.  Not sure I would spend the money again, considering it broke after 2 years.
Two Stars Bonnet too tight!
Not a good hair dryer. After few minutes on , shut off , and it seen not to blow enough hot air to dry the hair. And, the attachments are not good quality.
Strong plastic smell Unlike another Conair I bought from Amazon years ago, this one has a cheap plastic smell that makes you worried that you might be touching something toxic. To add insult to injury, the purple plastic of the iron is not the slick metallic looking plastic from the packaging, but rather a gaudy-looking pageant queen light purple.
Not the Same as the First One I bought a second one about 6 months ago, since I loved the first one I had for 5 years.  The first retractable cord was great.  It dried my hair quickly.  This one is very different.  First the cord doesn't retract completely.  It didn't after the first week.  Then, this week the plug cracked wide open.  The cheap plastic just cracked.  I don't remember hitting it on anything, but maybe it happened when I tried plugging it into an old outlet.  Whatever happened, I've never had a plug crack wide open before.  Like many other new appliances on the market, this one is inferior to the exact same model we could buy 5 years ago.
curly cord to short for ease of use design is ugly, cord to electic outlet is great lenght, heat settings are fine, setting for blowing are fine<br />the curly cord from the unit to handle is way to short - will not reach more than 2 1/2 feet<br />hard to reach mirror and dryer is handing on wall only 1 inch from the mirror
Two Stars Small and convenient, however heat seems low and hairdryer is rather loud.
Dissatisfied Customer I have purchased this T3 Featherweight Luxe Hair Dryer in June 2013.<br />At first I was very pleased with the drying ability but now only four months later<br />the blower on the dryer stopped working.  I have sent two e-mails to the supplier thru Amazon requesting another dryer to replace this one but to date I have had no response.<br />I am an senior citizen with short hair who uses a dryer approximately three times weekly. I would not recommend this dryer to anyone.[[ASIN:B003837V8A T3 Micro Featherweight Luxe Hair Dryer, 2.9-Pound]]
Two Stars Smell burning from the dryer
Two Stars On the mid speed it wasn't hot enough.  I returned it.
2 Pounds is not Lightweight! Same weight as my old big dryer.  Not lightweight!
does not retract i dislike the hair dryer and i was overcharged for it; 38.50 by hairproducts.com.  icky. the reason i dislike it is simple: a retractable cord should retract. it simply doesn't retract.  i hang it on my wall and everyone sees the ugly cord dangling.
Not worth the money The bad reviews of this product were pretty accurate but I didn't want to spend a lot on a new hair dryer.  The attachments don't stay on, and the sliding controls for power and heat are so difficult to move I have to use a towel to get enough traction to turn my hair dryer on.  The 'high' temperature is extremely hot, which dries my hair very quickly, but I'm not convinced it helps my hair look healthy, as my ends have started to look like straw since I started using this hair dryer. I wish I had invested in a better hair dryer!
but the main reason I didn't like it was because it wasn't hot enough This was my first small dyer! It was uncomfortable to hold, but the main reason I didn't like it was because it wasn't hot enough. It also made my hair look flat and limp.
Worked less than 10 months. We got this one on sale for $11 and it worked just fine from March till December, then it quit, no heat and no fan.<br />It was good when worked but due to short life span - 2 stars at best.
The dryer is the worst one I ever had it started falling apart on ... The dryer is the worst one I ever had it started falling apart on the first day of using it, don't loose your money on junk.
too bad they don't last - they work great when they work I have gone through too many of these dryers. It is my favorite in terms of how great it blows hair straight. But they break too easily and for that price, I had to go with something that i don't like as much but that lasts. Mine burnt out within 2 months and I could not return it by the time I got back into the country from my travels.
Broke after a few months I owned this hairdryer for about 6 months. I must have gotten a dud because it never seemed really powerful, got waaaay too hot, and broke after 6 months. My hair didn't look any different with this dryer than with my old Conair cheapie that I got from CVS.
fair I received this product hoping to cut my drying time, but that wasn't the case. I'm not sure if the product I received is defective but I have thin hair and it didn't help my dry time. It also makes my hair lay really flat and somewhate oily, making my hair look dirty and thin. I'm not a fan of this dryer but it may be better for people with thick hair.
Gets Too Hot Gets way too hot for something to be used by a child!!  We turned it on and visible red hot coils could be seen within seconds.  And the air was blistering hot.  I cannot see a younger child using this without adult supervision.  We returned it.
This dryer does not seem like it has any power Even though it is the same wattage it does not seem to have any power.  I am sure that it is every dryer
Adequate dryer, but think twice if you want to use the attachments. I purchased this hair dryer to replace my Super Solano that died after more than a decade.  I loved the Solano, but I wanted to see if a significantly less expensive dryer would work as well.  The good news is, it dries just fine.  The bad news is that the concentrator attachment (there are three attachments - I use the narrow concentrator every day for straightening) is unnecessarily difficult to attach.  For the first couple of months, it took a great deal of effort and force to get the concentrator nozzle attached.  I had to twist and turn and manuever it every which way.  Even when I managed to get it on, it was easy to knock it off during the course of drying my hair.  I had to wait a minute or two to reattach it because the nozzle was too hot to handle.  When it cooled down sufficiently, the twisting and turning began anew.  When this happened numerous times during one attempt to dry my hair, it got pretty frustrating.<br />As others have noted, the thin chrome finish of the dryer chips off very easily, particularly when using the attachments.  After having owned this for about two months, the chrome is completely chipped off (the dryer has a matte black finish underneath the chrome) where the concentrator attaches.  It doesn't look great, but I don't have to worry anymore about brushing chrome flakes off my clothes every morning.<br />Over the past week, it's gotten much easier to get the concentrator attached, and it's less prone to fall off.  I assume it just took a couple of months to stretch.<br /><br />Update 11/9/10: The attachment no longer will stay on the dryer.  I'm reducing the rating to two stars, because without the attachment, this dryer is worthless to me.
Cord won't retract after two months I bought this model for the retractable cord and folding handle.  After using it 2-3 times/week for the last 2 1/2 months, the cord has frayed in one place and it has stopped retracting.  On the plus side, it was an effective hair dryer, but there are several that work as well.
decided against using this I took this product to my doctor and he said the colon cleanse was the same as a laxative and the acai juice was just a placebo
Conair SB1X Soft Bonnet Hair Dryer I thought it would be smaller and more compact.  Much too big for travel.  I was better of with a simple blow dryer.
Edited review after six months Edited January 2016:  After only six months, this dryer is wearing out.  It gets way too intensely hot, even on the medium setting, probably because the fan is barely blowing.  Hardly any difference at all between low and high fan, and it barely makes a breeze, so my hair is getting all heat and no movement. I went out and replaced it today.
Disappointed in the diffuser The diffuser is very small and the hair blows all over . The dryer itself works fine I am a hairdresser and usually don't see a travel size diffuser except for the socks which I do not like so I was disappointed when this did not work well at all too much airflow through the diffuser.
Not good The socket blow up and got alot of sparkles make me so scary throw it away and didnt use it again ever
USE TO BE GOOD I had the old Silver bird and it was so much better than the new one that is being sold now in some stores. The old one was really hot and straightened my hair so much better. This new one seems to even vibrate a bit when using and just feels cheap. It takes longer now to blowout my hair. You can tell if it's the old one because the word silverbird looks like the one shown.
not happy Lost the low heat setting in the first couple months.  It caught on fire before it was a year old.  Wouldn't recommend
Poor quality The dryer functions okay.  The plastic is weak.  Second time I used the attachments, the dryer body chipped.  Fortunately, it didn't effect the ability to connect the attachments; though I wonder how long this will work?  I will return to the &#34;other&#34; brand with my next purchase.
did not like it at all.. Splurge just a little and get the Babyliss Pro BAB2000.  The Conair felt cheap.  While the Babyliss feels much better in the hand.  The Babyliss will give a deeper heat as compared to the Conair, not necessarily hotter but a better and even distribution of heat.  I returned the Conair.
I prefer a traditional dryer I should first mention that I don't use this item in the typical way.  I never use the attachments as my hair is super short (2 inches), I just figured the shape would allow me to straighten my hair more efficiently.  It's a bit cumbersome and heavy.  It gets plenty hot and the low heat setting, although weak, is good for gradual straightening.  I don't like that you have to hold the cool shot button, plus it takes a lot of effort to press.  The button is placed in a very awkward spot for the way I hold it, facing down (again, not typical).  The brush attachment is useless because it's softer than hair!  I imagine this item would be more useful for someone with longer hair.
Not enough power and doesn't get hot enough. Next ... Not enough power and doesn't get hot enough.  Next time I need one I will go back to Solano product.
Loved it and then Kaput after 6 months Exceeded my expectations while it worked.  I read the reviews about the hair dryer suddenly dying, but gambled that it wouldn't happen to me.  Wrong.  Turned it on this morning and nothing happened.  Completely dead.  I will contact Remington but don't expect the problem will be remedied.<br /><br />Oh well, the search continues.
Absolutely not the hair dryer for you if you have small hands or arthritis I should have read through more of the reviews.  This is definitely NOT the hair dryer you want if you have arthritis. :-(  My husband has no issues and even he thinks it's too heavy.  It blows great.  No complaints there.  Just absolutely not the hair dryer for you if you have small hands or arthritis.
Cheap My old Conair was great. This one is weak and the attachments fall off mid-use.  Will be replacing soon! Don't recommend.
Not as good as the full sized dryer My work's locker room has the full sized dryer and I really liked it so I bought the travel version to take on a work trip.  I received one where the straightening cone (aka concentrator) spun around on the dryer, making it impossible to blow out your hair.  I returned it and got another one with the same issue.  Apparently, this is just a defect in the travel dryer.  It is a nice size for travel but I would give up the extra space in my bag for a dryer that worked for what I wanted.  If you only want to use the diffuser it would be fine for you.
Has some issues This hair dryer is heavy. And pretty huge. Also, it's hard to hold it by the handle because the rocker switches for power and heat are in the way of your fingers, so you have to practice in order to not change the settings during use. When set on hot/high, the velocity of the air is very good, but it's not hot at all -- the air is barely warm -- which is fine for drying, but certainly not good for styling. It did minimize my static flyaway hair, but since I had to use my old &#34;hot&#34; dryer to style, I lost that benefit and had to add leave-in conditioner to de-electrify my hair. The price was good, hence the two stars, but I don't recommend. Probably better for short hair.
Skip this one Bulky and heavy, the cord doesn't fully retract into the unit.  The power switch broke on the third use so I couldn't shut it off and had  to unplug while running.  Returned.
not powerful. Very quick delivery, product is not as good as I expected. Not very powerful, although it does dry hair fast. I figured the watts at 1875 would be as strong as my old conair. Wouldn't purchase again :(
good but didn't last long I'll be honest, when I spent over $100 on a hairdryer, I expected a lot.<br /><br />This hairdryer did a great job, for about a year and a half.  It was used every day for a year and a half.<br /><br />Pluses: Low, Medium, High Heat<br />Cold Blast to set hair<br />Low and medium setting<br /><br />The cord is a HUGE problem.  It twists and tangles to the point of shorting out.  Had to replace the plug.
I think the product is fine, but I guess I didn't really think it ... I think the product is  fine, but I guess I didn't really think it out.  It is stationary, so if the dryer isn't moving, you are moving...your head all around...to hit the hot air.  plus, you can't mount it on the mirror because with the vanity there, its too far away.  you gotta put it on the wall right next to your head and move all around.  I guess I thought I could put on my face while blow drying, but that's not the case at all.
Died after a year Worked well, died after a year of use.
Disappointed I have never used hair spray but a few spritz on hair after I roll it.  I use hot rollers and my hair is thin so I have to be careful with products left on hair weighing it down.  Even with the regular hair spray my hair would look like helmot head..and would fall before I even went outside.  Outside, in the sun, would cake.    Anyway I read that the Sebastian products were amazing. So with high hopes I purcahsed the re-shaper with the mindset you could finger thorugh, etc.    I even went as far as spraying each section before I hot rolled it for the layered in hold.  Then spritzed all over when done.  Today, after I did this I had amazing curls, etc..  Didnt even leave the house just went into the other room which is my office.  IT is air conditioned so have not been outside yet.  The door bell rang less than 20minutes and I passed by the mirror and the hair has completely FALLEN!  This is after I layered every curl and sprayed entire head with re-shaper as a finisher.    What a disappointment.  My hair is sticky too.  Im not sure why the other poster said it stayed great even after finger combing.  Maybe because it was just a few hairs on her head (bangs).    My hair has fallen and left with the feeling of hair spray on my hair.      So, not sure what the hype was all about. I have never used hair spray so much and it did nothing.      Lastly, my fingers did snag quite considerably when I tried to comb my hair with my fingers behind my ear. Since the curls fell, I tried to put my hair behind my ears so it wouldnt be in my face and my fingers got caught in all the sticky mess.    What a disappointment
Two Stars not very impressed.
very unreliable the jerdan dryer has given us a broken switch after just a couple months of use  (has done this with 3 different dryers), i would not recomend this dryer to any one go for the sumbeam/oster a much better product
Worked great until.... I bought this hair dryer about a month ago. It worked great! Dried my hair quickly with no problems. Then one day, I plugged it in to use it and nothing happened. The hair dryer wouldn't work. I pressed the reset button and tried everything. Luckily I kept my old hair dryer (a Revlon) just in case! I would not buy this product again...I contacted Conair a week ago and they said I'd hear back in 3 business days...haven't heard anything yet. Very disappointed.
Not Up to Prior Conair Standards I've been using Conair hair-dryers for 20+ years. I stuck to this brand because they've always provided good merchandise that was a good value for the money. That long streak ended with this product.<br /><br />Pros:<br />1. several different speed & heat settings provide a useful array of options<br />2. fairly inexpensive<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. there are two back filter screens; the outer one will not stay attached to the unit on the clip side, & the closing latch is defective; I removed it entirely because it doesn't seem to affect the operation of the unit considering that the second screen is built-in & usable<br />2. the hottest setting is not very hot<br />3. the slide controls are not aligned well (they slip past the detents & require too much force to push)<br />4. overall cheap construction, even for this fairly low price.<br /><br />All of this results in a poorly made unit, & not at all worth the price. A big disappointment for a dedicated Conair user. Time for me to look for another brand.
Two Stars the first time I used it, I cut it on high and the motor popped.
Short review. Pros:  -- Price    Cons:  -- Build quality, way bigger size and noise
Too Heavy for me I returned it, no questions asked. Not only was it too heavy for me, it also blew too hot for me on low.
Heat stopped working after less than 2 years : ( I liked the hair dryer but after less than 2 years the heat stopped working. The retractable cord didn't really work so well after the first few months. You had to push it in.
Doesn't get hot enough Doesn't get hot enough to style my hair.  It dries it, and leaves it frizz free, but it just doesn't get hot enough to shorten my drying time or omit the need for straightening iron.  It is nicely designed and really light weight, but it just didn't do the job.  I'm returning mine.
Two Stars worked ok for a little while, then the power and heat went out.
Nothing Special This is light weight and has a lot of bells and whistles.  However, for smoothing hair, I thing the Babylis Pro BABTT5585 Tourmaline Titanium 3000 Dryer reg and travel, are much better.
Cord is too short After reading several hair dryer reviews, I was very interested in the 213X model in this line: [[ASIN:B000E8O8UQ Conair 213X Infiniti Professional Tourmaline Ceramic Technology Ionic Styler, Black]], but my local retailer had the 223 model, so I thought I would give it a shot. I like the idea of the retractable cord, but now that I've used it once, I know that 5' is too short for my taste. I was also expecting a better dry from an ionic dryer, but my hair didn't seem any less frizzy.
'High' and 'cool' settings are way too strong... I rarely write reviews, but I am beginning to try to find time to go back and voice feedback on the items I use most in my household. I bought this to replace my old Ionic 1875, which was on it's last legs from years of hard work. I am wishing that  I had bought a different dryer. The high setting is SO strong, and the medium would take a while to heat up to hot if I just started there. I can deal with this, but what I hate is the 'cool' touch button, which is supposed to hold your style and reduce frizzies. My last dryer did a great job with this feature, making my hair look smooth and shiny. But on this dryer, pushing this button is like going into a wind tunnel. Why would the makers kick the cool setting up to super-dooper-strong like the high setting? It blows your style to prices after you have just spent the time to create it!  I would have returned it if I could, but I bought it as back-up in case my old one broke, and too late by the time I actually opened it and tried it out. Thumbs down.
Not quiet I was disappointed with this hair dryer.  I needed a quiet hair dryer so I wouldn't wake my family when I get ready early in the morning.  While advertised as being quiet, it is no different than the regular hair dryers we have.  Very disappointing.
sucks! It doesnt do what it says, its not as described,my hair is static not very powerful, compare to other hairdryers
Conair 134R Hair dryer Have been using the Conair walmount dryers for years.  The new one that I ordered don't really seem to have quite as much air movement as they did in the past, although not really sure due to it is so much quiter maby just appeares to be that way.  Also on the old ones, I could just take it from the wll mount bracket and use it like a regular Blower, or just put a new one in an old prewall mounted bracket.  On this one I had to cut the cord and re splice it, due to it being hooked to the Light so It would not just come out of the wall mount bracket  without cutting the cord.<br /><br />Jerry
pretty lame I don't know if my product is defective, I just got it in the mail.  But it is not what I would call a hair dryer.  It doesn't generate much of a wind and it doesn't get very warm.  I would not even consider this something worthy of packing to go on a trip.  I'm going to send it back and keep my nice hair dryer which is just a little bit bigger.
The price is good but the product is not I liked the price of this hairdryer. It was great during the first 2 weeks but then It blew off and stopped.
Would not recommend - the ceramic is peeling all over the dryer. A couple of months after I purchased this hair dryer, the ceramic started peeling all over the dryer - especially around the handle and the nozzle. Not only is it nasty looking, but the material flakes all over the place, including in my hair while I'm drying it. The dryer still works fine, but I would never recommend it.
Pretty design, however I didn't notice any difference in ... Pretty design, however I didn't notice any difference in lack of frizz or shine that is associated with Ionic dryers.
Find a Different One I got this and was excited because of the reviews. It does dry my hair but takes longer than my drugstore dryer, but might be healthier. The attachments do NOT stay on making them almost useless. I tried to return it but my husband threw away the box, so I'm stuck. I can say it's pretty and I like the cool shot, but it does NOT lock as described....you have to hold it down the whole time. Also, the plug is too narrow. It keeps coming unplugged because it's too loose. It's easy to accidentally change settings or turn it off when in use because of button placement, but starting to get use to it.
No wind speed adjustment in spite of advertisement. I was disappointed once we got these together.  Although they are advertised as having adjustable wind speed, they do not.  There is simply nothing where the diagram says the wind speed button should be.  We ordered three of these and they are all this way.  Good looking dryer, but will not purchase again.
the high heat doesn't work not recommend this one. it was broken when arrive. This one dries my hair in a really really slow way!!
Unimpressed Should've returned this. Not hot enough..at all, buttons are in weird place. As you're drying your hair, you inevitably hit the off button, or another speed. Super annoying.
Used for less than 4 months I've used this dryer for less than 4 months and it's already acting up.  I keep it clean and store it in a holder (so it doesn't drop to the floor) and it's still acting up.  The power level drops.  The heat comes and goes.  The manufacturer wants me to ship it back to them....and then they'll send me a new one in 10 days.  How am I supposed to live without a hairdryer for that long?!?!?!  I don't recommend this at all.
Good but not Great I'm not a hair dryer connoisseur, and I have 100% curly hair and just wanted it to dry my hair before I flat iron it occasionally but it kinda leaves my hair frizzy and not smooth like it says ~ I can only compare it to my roommates Conair hair dryer that I seemed to get a better result with.
Two Stars I gave it a 2 just because it didn't fit in my blower.
Two Stars Not the best dryer for fine hair.  Will return it.
The adapter with the spikes was horrible. It was very hard and hurt my head The adapter with the spikes was horrible.  It was very hard and hurt my head. I am returning it.
not that great i bought this product about a year now and i have to say there are other blowers that work better than this one that are way cheaper for the price it has a high pressure of hair coming out and it is light but it does not silk the hair no matter how much you go over the same section of hair i would not buy agian. and yes i am a dominican hair stylish
Disappointing This item was disappointing. I was hoping that it would pack the same punch as the larger version but it's not as strong.
it is the best dryer. I like it because it generates good ... I'm only giving this dryer 2 stars because when it works, it is the best dryer.  I like it because it generates good heat without the blow part being a hurricane, which allows for good control for drying and styling and I get compliments on my hair and how shiny it is.  The huge disappointment in this dryer is that this is my second one, and in a year it broke the one before that same deal, lasted just under 2 years.  A $150 dryer should last longer than that.  I cleaned the filter as recommended, if it requires more than what i was doing then i guess the dryer is just too high maintenance for me.  I just contacted the vendor i bought it through and i'm hoping the manufacturer is going to replace it, otherwise i'm done using these dryers.
Regret this purchase! Too Loud!!!!!!! Like an airplane taking off!
I wanted to like it... I really wanted to like this (especially when it arrived super fast -- within 24 hours of ordering).  Sadly, the cord was short, and it was difficult to hold and use without accidentally switching the buttons.  It left my hair feeling like straw.  Time to try another!
warning! Read reviews before buying!! Wish I had read the reviews! Difficult to open the plastic cover. No doubt the &#34;string&#34; inside the hose won't last long! Worst for me: the bonnet does NOT lock onto the air hose. The least little movement of my head caused the hose to fall out again. I tried with all my strength to turn the hose until it locks - has about 1/8&#34; of sliding area after &#34;nodules&#34; on hose fit into hose, but no way to lock it & no way to make it stay. Thinking about trying duct tape. Worst product I've bought through Amazon in...like, maybe, FOREVER!
Two Stars just okay.
The hair dryer had great power and dried my hair really fast The hair dryer had great power and dried my hair really fast; however, it caught fire in less than a month.  I had to send it back.
Misleading color description I ordered the Elchim Professional 2001 1800 Watt Classic Hair Dryer (Color May Vary) expecting a product somewhat looking as described--perhaps in different shades of red and black. The hair dryer came in black which I did not like. It was returned and the return hair dryer was also black. Since color coordination is an important factor in our tiny bathroom I was really disappointed with the product. I returned both packages and will purchase another red hair dryer. I thought the color description was misleading. I have not tried the product so I do not know about its quality.
I bought this blow dryer in mid of May 2014 ... I bought this blow dryer in mid of May 2014 and it stopped working in mid of October 2014! Would never buy it again!
Heavy and Vibrates I loved the idea of a retractable cord, but that's about the only good thing about this dryer.  It is big and heavy, but the worst part is that it vibrates like crazy - very uncomfortable!
Disappointed Not happy at the quality of hair dryer for the price I paid 28. Better version at Costco for 20. I had a previous conair hair dryer that lasted 10 yrs and was very happy with it. This one had cheap plastic on/off button and just low/high speed blower.
Disappointing Bought this hairdryer to replace the same one that had been hanging on the wall for 10 years and finally died.  Was excited when the bracket was the same so didn't have to do anything but hang it up..Then I used it.  It doesn't get hot.  Blows nice warm air but doesn't get hot enough to style your hair.  I now have this one hanging on the wall, unplugged, while I use one that I haul out of the drawer every morning.
Great until... I have very thick hair that's hard to dry.  This blow dryer dries my hair quickly and I loved the retractable cord.  It was a great blow dryer till it stopped working 3 months after I bought it.   Now what?
frizzy and dull. not a fan of this dryer, it does dry my hair quickly, however it leaves my hair dry, frizzy and dull.
Neutral The product works but I was disappointed in it.  Speedstick deodorant works just as good when applying a tattoo stencil and is extremely cheaper.
Buy Petroleum jelly instead - costs way less This simply felt like a lighter petroleum jelly and was in a tube. Been using it for a week and notice no difference. Easily wears off in five minutes. CLinique's lip scrub made my lips feel better.
Not a quality Conair dryer I bought this because my older Conair caught on fire one morning, after about 6 years of use. I needed something quick and inexpensive. That is what this is. The diffuser is not well conceived, the directional is poorly done. The airflow is slow, and the dryer doesn't seem to get hot enough. This worked well enough in a pinch, but is not my recommended choice for everyday use.
Brush is way to soft I am writing this review to save anyone interested in this dryer to beware!  If you have thick hair you will not find this brush to be adequate.  I have medium long hair and am white, but my hair is very thick.<br />I know this dryer style is usually advertised for African Americans but it works well for caucasians with thick hair as well.  I found a different dryer that is working great.  Conair is the manufacture.<br /><br />Other than the brush this dryer appears to be well constructed.  I did not use it so I can say how well it drys.
It blew a circuit ..! None available.
loved it until it died only a few months after purchase I purchased this blow dryer a few months ago loved the product until it randomly DIED the other day. Fortunately I had saved my old one, or I would have had to leave the house in freezing weather with a wet head. Not pleased.
Not as great as everyone says I bought this hair dryer having read the wonderful reviews.  It took forever to come and then didn't live up to expectation.  I was hoping to solve my frizz problem and speed up the drying time, but I didn't think this hair dryer did either.  I sent it back and was pretty annoyed that they only refunded me $64 of the $88 I spent on it.  They charged me a restocking fee and a shipping fee when I already paid $11 to send it back myself.  All in all, a lousy deal.
My Hair Dryer I was looking for a smaller unit than this and stil I am.; the one I got is still to bulky to go in my bags.
Did not even last 5 months Worked fine when I first receive it. Last night, after normal home usage, it burned out and is only fit for the garbage.
It's alright. The power is not very high, which I was really hoping for. It's much less than that of the Conair Infiniti.
Have had this less than a year and it's started ... Have had this less than a year and it's started to take much longer to dry my hair- the air isn't coming out as hot or a fast as it used to. And most recently it started throwing out green sparks. I'm getting a new one but won't be purchasing this again.
don't buy This was great when it worked. I have a small bathroom and it was the perfect solution until it stopped working shortly after purchase. I should have returned it. I do not recommend this unit.
Takes forever to dry my hair I would return this but it's been too long. I almost immediately went back to my old dryer after a couple of times. I have since found another dryer on Amazon that I just received and it's doing a wonderful job.
died after less than a month This hairdryer is lightweight, powerful and quiet as promised, however it completely died after less than a month. It seems like other reviewers had similar experiences. Therefore I would not recommend the product.
Didn't work for me Unfortunately, I cannot give this item an accurate review.  I did receive it timely.  The item worked perfectly at home, however, when I arrived in Ireland the first thing I did was to plug it in to see if it worked and I don't know what happened from that point.  It seemed to lock into high speed and I could not move it so it blew out instantly.  I had to throw it out right there and then.  You have to use it on low speed but, I could not turn it off or move it to low speed.  It started smoking and out it went.  I'm just grateful that nothing more serious happened.
Disappointing If you are buying this hair dryer because of the retractability of the cord...don't!  It worked for a few days then refused to completely retract.  So disappointing as I have a very small bathroom and spacesaving is a priority.  I don't think I will buy Conair products again.
Meh This blow dryer does not get hot enough to straighten curly/thick hair using the tension method. I tried using this on myself; my hair is mostly wavy and with an loose s curl at the ends, and it did nothing for me. My sister tried this too and she has thick hair-- did not work for her either. I was disappointed because I bought this as a Christmas present for her because she needed a new blow dryer. I thought the John Frieda brand would prove useful. I didn't even bother returning it, I just sent it to my family to see if they would find some use for it. Perhaps this would work better for already straight hair or fine hair that you just want to dry faster than letting it air dry.
Not powerful, not worth the price. I was hoping for a powerful travel dryer, like the rest of T3 dryers. I had to return it, not powerful enough for me. You can get much cheaper travel size dryers that will do the same job.
Worked great but didn't last This hairdryer was my favorite one until it mysteriously stopped working one day for no reason.  When it did work, it dried my hair (thick & wavy) in about 5 minutes!  I also loved the retractable cord.  When unfolded, this is a full size hairdryer and it is weighty which I liked about it.  However, it won't turn on less than 1 year after I got it.  I have had previous hair dryers for years with no problems.  This is not an expensive hair dryer so it was great while it lasted.  I am giving it two stars because it didn't last.  (while it worked, I'd give it a 5)
Nice product, but.... Pros:<br /><br />Good amount of drying power considering how small it is<br />Perfect size for travel<br />Dual voltage works great--no explosions when I brought this dryer to Europe!<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />Plastic piece that changes the voltage has fallen out twice! :-(<br />When using in Europe, the wind is very powerful....but that's good for me because my thick hair dries faster.<br /><br />Bottom line: I do like everything about the dryer except for that darn plastic piece that falls out. If that we're not an issue, this would get 5 stars.
Not Very Powerful, Buttons Too Small I thought this was a more powerful dryer...my bad. I'm going to keep it since I like the color (LOL) and it dries well  with a high and low setting and 2 speeds, and has concentrator and attachment for curls. Both attachments are very tough to take off...I'm so afraid I'll break one of them....they need a better system to get them on and off. The dryer is only 1275 watts, not exactly powerful. And, very important, the buttons for high/low/off/ and heat settings are very small, and placed badly. I keep accidentally turning off the blower!
Not so much:( I have combination skin which has become more dry this winter so I was looking for extra moisture.  I did not like this moisturizer.  I found it to be too fragrant and left my skin feeling more dry.  I also felt that it left an uncomfortable residue on my face.  I really like facial products that feel clean and natural. This did not for me.
Been duped or I'm missing something.. I absolutely don't understand the positive reviews for this hairdryer. Did I receive the wrong hairdryer or something? For starters, how can the product description say lightweight??? This thing is so bulky and heavy!! And because it takes so long to dry my hair with this thing, the heaviness of it sure doesn't help. It's apparently 1800 watts, but it feels like it's half that. I'm giving it two stars because for one, it's incredibly quiet and I've never heard a dryer this quiet and two, my hair was a bit less frizzy than with my previous ionic dryer. But these two pros aren't worth the cons. I don't see anything special about this dryer and my mother's 1875 watt Conair dryer beats this any day.    Also, has anyone done any research on this product? Google it. Have you noticed that it isn't sold in any salons, on the Farouk website, or anywhere else where you can see it's original $259.95 price?? I believe this is a cheaper, dumbed down version of a quality, more expensive Farouk product that has been released at a cheaper price so that the company has a range of affordable to higher-end priced products to widen their consumer base and profits. Nothing wrong with that, but I'm just trying to say that this definitely isn't some $260 dollar amazing hairdryer. The whole deep brilliance line seems to be a cheaper, more affordable version of Farouk products that are being advertised as if they are more higher-end, originally higher priced items. I dunno, try and find it somewhere where it was originally $259.95 or even for any other price. I sure as hell couldn't find it.     Try the hairdryer for yourself, this is just my two cents.
So So OK for the price.. nothing special. I wish I would have chose something else.. take too long to dry my hair
THEY TEND TO BURN OUT RATHER FAST aT FIRST THEY WERE VERY GOOD BUT NOW THEY DON'T  LAST VERY LONG BEFORE THEY BURN OUT. REPLACEMENTS ARE SENT BUT THE SAME THING HAPPENS, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND AT THIS POINT.
Two Stars every time i switch setting or hit cool button the lights dim & that scares me.
Not long lived Purchased in December 2011. Worked great up until November 2013. It behaves as if there is a short. I suspect it involves the retractable cord. I'll shy away from another retractable cord product.
I agree with the other comments- I love how compact it is but was very disappointed with ... I agree with the other comments- I love how compact it is but was very disappointed with how heavy it is. It arrived in the original package but looked used. The dryer was just thrown in there without additional packaging. It also has a strong burning smell when drying that maybe wears away with more use. Lastly, do not buy if you are a Lefty. Just holding it I was able to switch the settings while drying my hair:(
breaks easily i bought this hairdryer and when i came home and plugged it in, it began to smoke.  i brought it back to ulta, and they graciously replaced it after seeing the smoke for themselves.  loved the second one (same hairdryer), but it comletely died within 6 months.  would not turn on.  works well, while it works.  otherwise - a cheap hunk of plastic.  i'm not going back for round 3!
VERY strong smell I have tried several of the 100% pure lotions.  One common theme is that they all have a pretty strong scent.  This vanilla scent to me was completely overpowering.  Very, very strong - too much so though.<br /><br />As far as the lotion, it really is one of the few that is totally pure.  I love that.  But the lotion itself for me doesn't work as well as others.  It's fairly runny, and doesn't moisturize my skin very well.  I will not be purchasing this brand anymore because of that.
I got a pro-versa instead of jerdon, amazon says ... I got a pro-versa instead of jerdon,amazon says pro-versa makes jerdon,no speeds or heat settings,just on and off button,unfortunately its already  on wall,did not notice til after,heck of a time putting it up also, very difficult,will not buy again
Switch is very flimsy The 5 star reviews are a bit of a stretch. I've had a Vidal Sassoon dryer for almost 15 years now and I thought maybe I should step into the 21st century. Honestly this tourmaline stuff didn't make a difference in my hair. My hair is usually very shiny but this dryer dulled it for some reason. I do like the gripy texture and the color scheme is cute, it's much darker in person.  It would've been better as a grey color.  I'll probably air dry my hair mostly and finish up the rest of the moisture with this.  The worst part about this dryer really is the switch. I mean they seriously couldn't see this design flaw and couldn't make it more basic and sturdy? The switch shakes around and feels like it's about to break off. Anyway, I was going to return it but didn't want to go through all the trouble.
Pretty let down So, we bought this dryer as a replacement for my wife's old, loud unit.<br /><br />Unboxed it, and it felt nice and solidly built. And it was about mid-range, volume wise. Also a good selection of heat and fan-speed adjustments. But, the first morning of use, it ran for about 3-4 minutes, then the breaker-plug began to buzz loudly, and emit smoke.<br /><br />All use was discontinued, and was returned for a refund.<br /><br />I award it 2 stars for it being a potentially good unit, but subtract 3 for failing. This seems like a fluke, as most of the reviews are positive, but I'm going to be searching for a different dryer anyway.
Didn't last more than 30 uses and started smoking I purchased this hair dryer in July for a 2 week trip and since have only used it a few times. It was compact and easy to travel with. It isn't terribly powerful but worked well enough to dry my hair and works better than most hotel dryers. I had even used it a few times in place of my every day Conair dryer and had no major complaints. Until I used it for a recent trip and when I turned it on it puttered, then started smoking and sparking. I have seen hair dryers die before, but usually not after such limited use, and I haven't seen them go out in smoke and flames before. I usually buy Conair but this product has given me doubts.
Don't expect too much of modern hair dryers I've used hard hood hair dryers since the 1960s.  This Hot Tools Pro 1061 is so light weight and cheaply made it hardly stays on the table.  The only two settings are HIGH (which almost burns your scalp) and LOW (which takes way too long to dry your hair).  Also it's very difficult to dry the lower back of the hair.  I feel it's disappointing.
It is not  Dual Votage This Hair Dryer popped up when I searched for dual voltages hair dryer. I was disappointed to find out it was not after receiving the product. I decided to keep it because at least it is fold-able. However when I took it to my Eastern Europe tour, it burned out on the first day & even blew the fuse of my hotel room. Hotel electrician had to come to re-set my room's fuse at 11 PM. Luckily my voltage transformer did not burn out so I had no problem keep on charging my cell phone & my tablet for the rest of the tour; otherwise my trip would be totally ruined.
Dont do it! I will say that this blowdryer does dry my hair faster than a regular one, but for 150 bucks my hair still comes out frizzy.  I tried to send the warranty and yes since amazon is NOT an authorized buyer Bespoke Labs will NOT honor the warranty.  It was too late for me to return. I'd rather have bought the smaller version full price at Sephora or somewhere else, but I feel this was a big waste of my money.
Not hot enough I like the folding handle but don't feel like the dryer gets hot enough to dry my hair very fast.
Not Impressed I would not advise anybody to buy this product. It is the noisest hard hat hair dryer I have ever heard. It takes extremely long to dry my hair. I wanted to send it back to the manufacterer but I have no money to waste on shipping so i decided to just live with it and consider it a loss.
Not a good buy This hairdryer did not hold up well.  The attachments do not stay on very well and the plastic around the handle is peeling off.  I would not recommend.
After having it only a year and a half, it's sparking! Had to toss it This blow dryer was great for the first year and a half (bought it brand new), but just recently it started to spark every time I used it. At first I thought it may have been a little glitch, but it's been sparking every time now. I have stopped using it so my hair and or face doesn't catch on fire! Scary!
Disappointing. I've had it for 7 months and it's all but dead. Makes funny noises, smells like burning, changes strength. I've kept hairdryers for years and years before this one and have never had this problem. I feel like I'm going to be electrocuted!
Two Stars The brush is much to soft...doesn't really serve a purpose.
Not a compact dryer I purchased this dryer because I wanted a compact, easily portable dryer for travel & the idea of a retractable cord was appealing.  It is NOT compact.  In fact, it's quite large &  I returned it because the high heat level was not hot enough.  It isn't ergonomic & it's heavy.  I ended up buying the Babylisspro TT Tourmaline Titanium Travel Dryer &  I am thrilled with it.  I have shoulder-length fine hair.
HAIR DRYER REVIEW The hair dryer cuts off within a couple minutes.  I dry my hair with another hair dryer.  This one won't even stay on long enough for me to style my hair.  I had one just like it for a couple years previously.  It worked much better.
mixed feelings Night light quit working after a week. The dryer itself works fine snd is handy being located on a wall and not in a drawer.
NOISY! VERY LOUD!  I bought this to give to my wife to replace her old hair dryer.  This one is so noisy it sounds like she is drying her hair with a jet engine!
ok I order this after reading all the reviews. Before purchasing this blow dryer I had a very cheap bottom of the line dryer from walmart. I will have to say I am disappointed with how long it still takes to dry my hair. I was expecting more since for me this was an upgrade. It feels & looks cheap also.
Disappointed I found this hair dryer to be much bigger then anticipated.  The cord does not retract completely and has to be pushed in by hand <br />for the last few inches.  It is heavy and the handle is very bulky.
Returned I did not like this blow dryer and returned it.<br /><br />Cons:<br />HEAVY & clunky<br />air does not get hot, just slightly warm<br />leaves hair looking brittle (not silky & smooth)<br />takes a long time to dry hair<br />&#34;rats&#34; hair as it dries (I've never had a blow dryer do this before- it's weird)<br /><br />Pros:<br />seems to have powerful airflow
NOT HAPPY WITH THIS HAIR DRYER This hair dryer left my hair a tangeled mess each time I used it.  I will be returning and going back to a conair or revlon hair dryer.
Red Mistake This blow dryer seemed to be just what I wanted, but was a huge disappointment.  It is very loud as I think one reviewer stated.  That I could deal with but that was just one small detail.  The attachment for the hair curling I could not work, although that may just be me.  The settings for the hot and cold on this are right at the finger tips where you hold the dryer.  Therefore, if you are not careful you will be drying on warm instead of high.  You start wondering why its not getting dry.  I have had to change it back as many as 20 times in one hair drying session.  And now the last and & most frustrating feature of the dryer.  The concentrated hair drying attachment that was stated in the description of the product as coming off for easy cleaning, unlike most other models.  Well yes, it does come off for easy cleaning alright, it just blows it across the room as you are drying your hair.  You just don't want anyone else in the room with you for you never know where the line of fire may be.  It blows off with quite a force so I am sure it would hurt someone, particularly a small child.  I owned a Vidal Sassoon Dryer before but never one like this.  I cannot recommend this product and will not purchase another one of this brand.  It was inexpensive so I guess its true, you get what you pay for.  Not worth paying return shipping so I use it as it is until my new one arrives.
Nice product, poor ROI I've now owned 3 Andis dryers and none has lasted past 2 1/2 years.  This one lasted just about 15 months.  Nice product, poor ROI.
model 800 vs  old model 30001 I have owned a hot tools hair dryer -  model 30001 -  but could no longer use it because the bonnet attachment to the hose broke.  I was very happy with this hair dryer and therefore expected the same results from a newer hot tools hair dryer.<br />However -  the thermostat setting is too too hot..  I cannot use it at all on high  setting and barely on the middle setting -  I have  managed to &#34;get the job done&#34; by starting on the middle setting as long as I can stand it and then switching to the cool setting  and then manually pulling  the bonnet to a peak over my curlers.  My Model 30001 had five heat settings.<br /><br />In addition to this the new dryer is very nosy - almost has a whistle to it.  The bonnet is heavier and not as flexible.<br />In short - I am not happy with the new dryer - do you have another model with more heat settings?<br /><br />A problem with both models -  the hose easily becomes detached from the bonnet while in the process of drying.
Two settings: Too High and Too Low I am getting the funny smell on high as others have described. In addition to the high heat setting possibly being too much for the hardware to handle, it's also hotter than I can handle.<br />The fan speed and temperature are linked, as there is only one switch. The low speed is too low, but you have to use high heat to use the higher speed.
Too little power Easy mounting but very little power. I recommend you get one that has 1800 or more watts.
Disappointment Description stated this product was powerful and had the cool shot option. It does not have a cool shot option, and is far from powerful.
BEWARE, only works on LOW setting at 240V Beware, it doesn't work on HIGH when switched to 240 Volts.  I purchased this hair dryer to travel abroad.  I tested it at home as soon as it arrived at 110 Volts/ US and I loved it.  I was impressed at how powerful the HIGH speed setting was for a travel hair dryer.  Since I was headed to Europe I switched to 240 Volts and put it inside my suitcase. Once I arrived at my hotel I was very disappointed to find out, that once you switch to 240V you cannot flip the power switch to HIGH, you must try to dry your hair on the LOW setting which is no better than the hotel hair dryer. At first I thought it was just bad luck and went to try out my daughter's dryer ( I purchased two of these dryers since I was traveling with four teenage girls).  Their's did the same.  You can verify this at home, just put it on 240V and try to switch it to high with the dryer unplugged, you'll see that the switch won't move.  You can only go from OFF to LOW. If you are happy with the power at the LOW setting and your hotel doesn't provide a hair dryer, them this is better than nothing, otherwise don't even bother taking up space in your suit case to carry this dryer, you are better of just using the one the hotel provides.
Could be better I expected more from this hair dryer after reading the reviews.  It wasn't as powerful as I like and the opening for the air coming out seems to be larger than my last dryer, so it just goes all over the place instead of being more focused.  The thing I'm most unhappy with is the cord.  I always buy dryers that have the retractable cord because I can't stand having to deal with the cord getting wrapped around everything in my drawer.  Every other dryer that I've had the cord goes all the way into the dryer just leaving the plug hanging out.  This dryer has about a foot or more of cord still hanging.  It is just a pain deal with the dangling cord while putting it in and out of the drawer every day.  I'm still deciding if I should return it or not.
Poorly Constructed Item I thought I had found the exact item I needed to fix my 87 year old mother-in-law's hair at home since she can't get out to go to the salon.  Well......there is a major flaw with this hair dryer.  The hose will not stay connected to the bonnet.  If she holds her head perfectly still, we can get through the drying but that just isn't possible for someone who has to change positions once in a while.  I would not purchase this item again.  Wish I had the paperwork where I could return it.
You reel dryer I owned a remington for 5+ years and it quit on me so I purchased this dryer from my local store because it was reasonably priced and it had the reel style cord.  Well I have only owned it for 3 months and it has decided to quit on me there is a short in the cord somewhere and if it is not plugged in just right it will not work.  I had to go out and purchase a new dryer I went with the remington again.
Attachments fall off every minute or so, cord too short Title says it all. I have no issues with the heat of this dryer, but the cord is very short (I need an extension cord to use it), and the nozzles fall off CONSTANTLY.
NOTHING SPECIAL DOESN'T REALLY GET HOT ENOUGH FOR ETHNIC HAIR. PROBABLY WOULD WORK FINE FOR SOMEONE WITH REALLY THIN HAIR
really weak. wouldnt recommend I bought this hairdryer as an extra but for an 1875 watt blowdryer this hairdryer is weak!! The medium and high settings blow equivalent air. Maybe I just got a defective one. I have a conair one that is much better.
did not like this item A bit noisy.did not like this item.
Good for a few years - but watch for SPARKS & SMOKE! Good hair dryer and I liked the different attachments and settings. However, I had this hair dryer a few years ago and worked fine for quite a while. One day while drying my hair, it popped and started to smoke. I immediately unplugged it, looked it over and saw the cord was melted near the handle. It was throw away since it was FRIED. Without thinking, I went out and bought a second one since the first one lasted so long, and thought maybe the sparking incident was a fluke.  This morning, the same thing happened to me while using it. It sparked and and there was a pop - again I turned it off and unplugged it immediately. I looked it over, and the cord had MELTED away from where it attached to the handle. Dangerous. While the price is right, it is not worth the fire risk!!
Majorly Meh The bristles on the brush attachment are too soft to pull my hair strongly enough so that it straightens nicely. Also, the drier can't handle the highest strength heat setting.
Disappointed I was excited to see the description &#34;locking cool shot button&#34;  but it does not lock.  You have to manually hold it down.  That gets tiring.  Disappointed.
I expected it to last longer. I did enjoy the hair dryer very much when it worked! I have very curly hair and it used to dry my hair very fast with a nice shine and no frizz.I used it for maybe 10 times in a yr and it stopped working, it only blows cold air. I have had a conair hair dryer that I bought for $25.00 5 yrs ago and it still works.
It Does Spark When it comes out of the box and I first start using it, the air is powerful but definitely not hot enough.  So the more I have used it over some months of time the hotter it has gotten, which I really like.  But the last few weeks I have noticed some sparking.  Freaks me out a bit!  I have been buying this brand for a while and my previous ones just shut down after about a year but this ones sparks.  Time to buy another blow dryer I guess.  Sparking from an appliance is never good.
Powerful dryer I bought this to replace an Andis Hang-up Turbo (Full sized) that lasted for 7 years. I was very happy with the Andis, but I bought the Oster due to it being off-white instead of white which looks a little more high end. I also got the Oster because it had smaller footprint because I installed a new medicine cabinet and I needed a wall mount dryer that would fit in a smaller space. So far, I noticed that it has pretty good blowing power, but it doesn't run as hot as the Andis did, which may be better for my hair so it won't get too hot.<br /><br />The only issue with having a compact hair dryer vs. my previous full sized hair dryer is that the back fan is closer to my head. Because of this, when I held the dryer too close to my hair (which is long) and some hair got sucked into the fan in the back. I had to stop the dryer and untangle my hair from the fan.  This is no fault of Oster, I just have to get used to a shorter length of hair dryer! Just letting others know what to expect. So far I am pleased with the Oster.<br /><br />ETA: It is July 2014, and it hasn't even been a year that I've owned this dryer and my Oster has already died! I'm going to request a replacement.
Not good for fine hair I have super long fine hair and this didn't do it for me. It actually made my hair feel sticky, for lack of a better word. It is much louder than any other dryer I've used and it didn't come with the concentrator as advertised... I'll be sending it back.
Not what I expected from Andis This hair dryer was loud and cheaply made. I returned it! The fan was rattling and very loud. I would not recommend.
Not crazy about it. I got the status of being an unhappy customer becasue of this product.  It didn't look NEW and it was packaged poorly.  However, I didn't want to waste the time to return it.  If this is the first time that I have heard from you, then so be it  I bought this in the summertime.  YES I an unhappy about this product and I still do care for it.......
Attachment cannot attached!! The reason I chose this one was because of the 3 attached parts, they looked great and useful.  But turned out those cannot be attached.   All three always falled down after ~15 seconds, so no use at all.  This dryer is a little heavy but acceptable because the air is powerful enough to make the hair dry fast.   Overall, I am very disappointed for the special features. Its design has a major problem, should make it just as the bottle top.    Updates 2/21/11  After 7 months, it is not hot enough, just a little more than warm.  My old travel dryer is even better than this.
Two Stars Just does not get hot enough
Only dries the top of your head! I have had this dryer a few years now and I rarely use it due to its poor performance. It only has holes at the top of the hat so the air is only released at the top of your head and it does not dry the back and lower sides of your hair properly. You have to keep turning and twisting your head to get some of the air to blow on each quadrant of your head. The adjustable length is not very practical and you have to be creative about where you put the dryer and the chair you use in order to sit under the it comfortably. Do not buy this product!
but nowhere as good as when it was first purchased Ive had this for over 6 months, and the cable retraction is not working as well because the cable is all twisted within the cable (if that makes sense). Still retracts, but nowhere as good as when it was first purchased.
Stopped Working I'm honestly not one to write reviews but do rely heavily on them and this item was rated very high by Amazon customers who purchased it.  I have to admit, I really, really liked it until it just simply stopped working.  It is lightweight and powerful and fairly quiet for a blow dryer.  I was real happy with it until it just recently stopped working...conveniently right outside the 1 year limited warranty.  I didn't misuse or drop it and I kept the filter clean so not sure what happened but I know my last blow dryer lasted for years.  It was working when I gave it away when I got this one.  So, not so thrilled but maybe it was a fluke.  Who knows.
Broken. Product just decided to stop working after a few years. Never dropped it and kept it in good condition. I'm guessing maybe the thing overheated?
Color changes product I ordered this hair dryer for an upcoming European trip.  I chose the black colored dryer over the white and got a different product.  The black is only for USA use and is lower voltage than the white.
Not comfortable to sit under Very noisy!!! Not comfortable to sit under. Was trying to replace one the was 30 to 40 years old. We all know they dont make things like they use to.
hair gets stuck on backside This blowdryer is okay. I orignally bought it because i heard it was a reliable brand and I also needed a new blow dryer and this was on sale with a 4 dollar off coupon. The filter that the air goes in through and then gets heated and comes out the other end so the back side it my hair gets stuck in this everytime i use it! it drives me crazy! So everytime i have to stop the bblow dryer and cut my hair out of it and clean the filter! The smell also i a dirffernt smell that comes out i dont know if thats just because my hair that gets stuck is making it smell because it burned or that its just a differnt blow dryer from my preivou one but i think i might just have t get used to it.
Lightweight hair dryer I liked this product but it didn't last very long.
Lasts Less than a Year I initially really liked this dryer.  I liked it enough that I bought two, one from Target and one from Amazon.  It's been a litte under a year and both have serious problems.  One no longer gets very warm, and when held at certain angles it looses power.  The other one is warm, but the speed/force decreased dramatically a few months ago, and now it's sparking inside while I use it.<br /><br />I usually expect 2-4 years out of a hair dryer, and for me to have two of these, for less than one year, speaks very poorly of the line of dryers.
Burned out at about the 5th use Worked well until it burned out. Worked well with both voltage settings. It trash now. Would not recommend this dryer.
guess i brought a bad one! Didnt last long maybe a month. Made a weird noise. And knocked the electric out, guess i brought a bad one!!!
NO POWER WHEN USING HIGH SPEED SETTING. ORDERED &#62;&#62; Vidal Sassoon VS783 1875-Watt&#60;&#60; THAT HAS A LOT OF POWER ON HIGH SPEED SETTING.
Installation was difficult. A small plastic piece cracked during ... Installation was difficult.  A small plastic piece cracked during installation, which caused us to have to install a different way.  I wish the hair dryer carrier was smaller.
Horrible Placement of Buttons! Took it back! Needed a new blow dryer and thought this would be the one. Little did I know that I would turn it off and on and change the heat settings while simply holding it. Ended up returning it because I couldn't get used to it.<br /><br />It blow dries your hair really fast, but that's only when it's on the correct setting, which I kept changing with a slight tough of my hand. If anything, they should make the buttons a little harder to switch... or just move them completely.
Great size, but only the high speed works on the 250 setting Bought this hair dryer for our trip to Italy.  Perfect traveling size, but when using the 250 voltage setting - only the high speed worked.  It got way too hot on that setting to use comfortably.  I ended up not being able to use it because it burned my skin and blew my hair too hard to style it.  I started washing my hair at night and letting it air dry.  The low and high settings work fine in the states on the other voltage, but it was a waste to buy it specifically for the dual voltage piece and then not be able to use it anyway.
hair dryer I like this hair dryer. Had another one exactly the same befor and lasted a few years. I never minded that it was a little hard to slide on and off.<br />The retractable feature broke immediately. What a shame.
Two Stars Didn't work very long.
Poor performance Doesn't work as well as last one. Blower is slow with not much air coming out. Had same brand before and it worked much better,
Not what I expected This was not the hair dryer that I expected to receive, and perhaps I ordered the wrong one. This one is silver, heavy, has only two drying speeds, and does not have enough power to dry my long, thick hair in a minimal amount of time. I thought I was ordering the white one, which I was trying to replace...it is a lighter weight, and has more power. I could only recommend this to someone with very short hair.
it broke after 1 year... Bought this in July 2012, broke after 9 months worth of use. Not sure what the reason was, and I didn't bother to take it to the repair shop so it's going to the recycle bin. There were sparks of fire in the wire inside the hair dryer and I did not know what to make of it. Decided to give it up
Dud Just received, neither of the accessories would fit on the dryer. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Two Stars Reel slowly stops working over time.  6 months now since purchase and most of the cord will not retract.
Works well but sucks your hair in the back! This hair dryer actually works really well.  Great size, great price, great product, EXCEPT it sucks your hair in the back and it hurts.  My last dryer never did this, but this one does it all the time, several times while I'm drying it.  It's so annoying and hurts.  I actually have to hold my hair back with my hand so it won't get sucked into the vortex of pain.  I would never buy this dryer again.
Not the best I always buy dryers with a diffuser because of my big curly hair.  But this one is a small bowl shaped diffuser and when I bring it up to dry my hair if blows it out and all over the place.  It has these long holes on the side and the air blows straight through and causes my hair to blow all over the place.  I have to admit I did like it because of the color and that's why I purchased it; not to forget that Conair is a good product.  But if you are using it for the diffuser I'd skip this one.
Can't turn the voltage switch The hair dryer is fine if you don't need to change the voltage, but I bought it for international traveling, and it's a big con for me that the switch doesn't turn to 250 volts. It looks as though it can easily turn with a coin. Do not be fooled. It's impossible to turn the switch to 250 volts. I stripped the switch bare trying to turn the damn thing. I can barely see where the arrow is, which points to which voltage setting it's at. Luckily for me (sarcasm), mine is permanently at 125 volts. Maybe mine was faulty, but I was definitely not happy with this product. Would not recommend to a friend. Two stars only because the hair dryer itself works fine and because it's cheap.
Irritating, but i'll keep using it Not going to go get a new one bcz this is my new one and I threw out the box before I realized how irritating it is! So i'll keep using it, but i don't like that the switch is really hard to turn off/on sometimes whether my hands are completely dry or with lotions, the gripping bumps are small with the slide idea, just aren't a good combo. And then theres the retractable cord....ha. not always and then you have to feed it into the dryer--better than the entire cord but irritating nonetheless when it's purchased bcz of that feature.
Overheats every now and then! Don't buy! I purchased this dryer before a trip to India. I used it for a couple of weeks in the US at the 120 V setting and then for about 4 weeks in India at the 230 V setting. It seemed to be working fine and I was happy.<br /><br />However when I came back to US and reset the voltage to 120V, that's when the thing started acting up. It was way too noisy, overheated so much that it stopped working all together!! Well, at that time my hair was about half dried and straightened, with the other half wet and beginning to curl... So I had no option but to somehow get this thing working again! I reset it, gave it a few minutes to cool down and tried again on the low heat setting... It was ok and I completed drying my hair..<br /><br />The next time I used it, alternating between high and low heat, it seemed to be fine... The time after that, it overheated again and I finally gave up on it... Its no use investing even $20 in this piece... It has only 2 heat settings without a cold shot button, doesn't work consistently every time... And if you change the voltage settings, it doesn't work properly! Cheap piece, do not invest any time and money in this!!!
soft bonnet hair dryer I only gave this a 2 star because i have medium to short hair and after 3/4 of an hour it did'nt dryit. i would not recomend this.
hose problems The hose falls off the cap a lot. It is easy to store and travel with. The hose is hard to get to stay on the cap. It keeps falling off.  Took about 5-7 minutes to get it to the point where it stays on the cap. Hose is short too.
Not so Great I was optimistic after reading the mostly positive reviews, however I was highly disappointed.  If you don't apply the product several times in heavy coats you don't taste anything and it needs to be reapplied frequently (at least daily).  Also, while using the product it seemed that the taste would happen several seconds after going to bite my nails which made it rather ineffective as a control mechanism.  And when eating or drinking anything if you just so happen to touch or lick anywhere near your nail it gives your food what seems to be a more bitter and effective bad taste compared to your nails themselves.  I started to use a similar nail polish product but did not like the shine and how frequently it needed to be applied but it was much more effective and much cheaper as well.  I suggest the nail polish over this product.
Two Stars Tooooooo small than that I expected. Can grab in one hand. Really small
strong wind but poor quality The wind is strong when it works fine. However, it does not work today. I only bought it for 9 months. I know cheap stuffs do not last long. But my expectation is at least one year. I would rather choose a more expensive but better quality one next time.
Not Hot Enough It's not as hot as previous dryers I've owned. It's held up for over a year, so I'm not going to pan it altogether, but I wouldn't recommend or buy it again.
Great dryer if you don't get a defective one I liked this hair dryer while it worked. It was light and didn't tire my arm or wrist, it got hot enough to dry my hair, and it wasn't extremely loud like a lot of dryers are. However, after a month and a half of using it once every day for about 15 mins, it stopped blowing hot air. It still blew air and everything perfectly, it just stopped heating the air. So, I had to get rid of it because cold air does not work well to dry my long hair. I think it might have just been a lemon, because I know sometimes there's just going to be defective items in a group. Amazon customer service was quick to help me though, and I was able to get a refund.
Just an okay dryer I purchased this hair dryer as a gift. The recipient did not like how bulky and heavy it was so I ended up returning it. I also tried the hair dryer prior to returning it. I feel that it did not have the necessary amount of actual heat I need to dry my hair in a timely fashion. I was attempting to do a blow-out as I normally do and this really did not help straighten out any waves/curls.
Two Stars broke very quickly
Two Stars its super loud and kind of heavy. I dont really know if i like it. Dont recommend
A Bit Disappointed at First -- But Satisfied with the Seller I have owned an older version of this Sunbeam hair dryer that worked well for many years -- I'm thinking at least 10.  Unfortunately, this model was purchased just several months ago and already the On switch will not always catch.  I have to keep pushing it or the Off button to get it to work. Often I find, also, that the red Reset switch was triggered.  I haven't yet contacted the company, but hope very much that they or Sunbeam will make a complimentary replacement.  If so, I will write a new review.  If not, never again will I buy a Sunbeam.<br /><br />New review:  The company from which I bought this hair dryer stands behind their product.  I have been sent a replacement as well as prepaid postage to return the original.  I am very pleased with this company's customer service.  I do hope that this Sunbeam product is free from defects.  A wall-mounted hair dryer can certainly be convenient.
It's a basic hairdryer...without a diffuser and hardly functioning retractable cord So disappointed! Scrutinized the reviews before ordering this and totally disappointed.<br />Pros: The low, medium and high work fine. The cool shot, when held down works fine.<br />It does fold without issue.<br /><br />Cons: Thank goodness I decided to err on the side of caution and test this out as soon as I took it out of the box. The retractable cord DOES NOT RETRACT ALL THE WAY! There is a good 7&#34; of cord that can not be retracted because of a stopper that can not be moved or removed. The part that should fully retract did not, after 30 seconds of CAREFUL use.<br /><br />There is no diffuser. The little black piece that is shown in the pic does not a diffuser make.<br /><br />Ordered yesterday and returning today, enough said.
Didn't last This died about a year after I got it. I wish it lasted longer. It was good while it lasted.
This is a poorly made product and I'm not buying it again. I'm going to write the Andis company directly. I have bought 3 of these in 5 years, they fall apart one way or another. I will in no way buy a 4th.
Spend a little more The product design is lacking.  Controls on handle but not set-in so very easy to turn off while styling your hair.  Clumsy design.  May want to spend a little more for a quality product.  Not to be deceived by the picture.
difficult to assemble product works fair on thin hair but on denser & curly hair takes an excessive time -would not reccomend for travel or heavy & thick hair. My last revlon was more compact-dried faster-easier for the children to use before school.
Broken in two weeks This hair dryer did not work after 2 weeks. I would not recomend anyone purchasing this hair dryer.  No manufacture info on box either.
still frizzy I really don't notice a difference in thus dryer and other dryers. My hair still gets very frizzy whIle drying and hard to manage.  then if it's humid out stays frizzy. My hair doesn't look healthy when I use this. It takes me a long time to blow dry my medium thick  19inch hair. Again,  I don't know if all dryers would be the same for me but I mostly let it air dry than use this.
I would not recommend this product Retractable cord broke in 2 weeks, I would not recommend this product.
Hard to handle This is a bulky and hard to handle hairdryer. It would get to hot. I sent it back for a refund. I don't recommend it.
Broke in less than 8 month Got this for the wife, who uses it once/ twice a week. For a while she was happy with it, but then it started work intermittently with the heat cutting off and then it completely stopped heating up. We had had many blow dryers in the past and they usually last a couple of years, even the cheap ones, so its pretty disappointing for a 'professional' grade product to last less than a year in a light use household environment.
Two Stars It stopped working today after working wonderfully for a few months :(
Two Stars The cord is so short I have to stand at the plug
Two Stars Drayer failed in low drying position after 脿 weekend of normal use ! Whatever do i do. Next? Thanks
I HATE IT I dont usually dry my hair everyday, and ive used it not more than 6 months (bought it end of 2012) and now i cant switch it on already. i hate it so so so so so much, such a waste of money.
I had to super glue it down so the blow dryer wouldn't suck ... The wire mesh over the vacuum in the back wasn't even attached. I had to super glue it down so the blow dryer wouldn't suck hair into the back of it.
Noisy and No Much Air Revlon has usually been a tried and true product for me. But this particular hair dryer is not good. I will return it and go into a store to test them out. This dryer has a very tin sounding motor and the air coming out of the machine is minimal. Very disappointing.
Two Stars U get what you pay for
Conair223NP Hair Dryer 1875 watt w/retractable Cord I purchased this dryer for a relative and I did not really like it.  I noticed that the retractable cord does not work exactly right and sometime does not work at all.  I see paint coming off.  I am told this hairdryer is really hot in temperature, perhaps to hot for hair drying.  Did not meet my expectations.  I would not recommend dryer to a friend or relative... Prompt delivery.  R. Dawson
Two Stars It looks like it wasn't original
It broke already Not even one month, it was borken already, and I don't really use it that often. At first I liked it, because It's light weight and fast dry you hair. But it didn't last long.
Not enough air, heavier, and just not impressed:( I didn't need a new hair dryer but saw this John Frieda dryer in the store and I had to purchase! I gave it a try and was not happy. In my opinion there was not enough air coming out, and it sounds funny. I will return tomorrow.
Problems with the last 2 we bought Bought the first one at an RV store and it lasted for several years of daily use. When it finally wore out, bought another one (same model). After about 6 months of use, the wires in the handle had been pinched and shorted out and damaged the unit. Bought another one. My wife has been using it for the last several months and this morning there was a pop and the low speed quit. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 star because is  a really nice unit that we have liked, but wondering now about the quality control on recently produced units.
COOL MODE BUTTON DEFECTIVE The styling of blow-dryer is great; the functions are not! The cool down button feature was pressed once for use, but got stuck inside of unit wobbling around, but would not release back so the warm mode. The 240 V option only worked on the low feature. Also, I found the brush attachment flimsy, not firm and would eventually wear out quickly. SUB-STAND FEATURES ruined a great looking unit! Quality would be the remedy! This could have been a winner...sad;(
I am unhappy. I am unhappy with this hair dryer.  Due to the air flow, hair will get caught in the back of the dryer and it often has a burning smell.
too loud Too loud! All the descriptions about the noise is true.<br />And the low setting is too low.
Two Stars No warm setting! Can't use!
Average. Lasted a few months. Lasted only a few months before it died. Simply stopped working both the motor and the heating. During the time that it worked, average product. Not the best but not the worst.
Not for me... I have long curly hair 3b. I bought this dyer thinking it would work wonders on my hair. First, I think it does a great job and dries my hair very fast. However, I would prefer to have the teeth longer and better way to cup the hair so to speak. My hair gets caught in the back and ends up with tge burning hair smell. Secondly, I bought this dyer 6 weeks ago and it's already broken. Amazon is amazing and agreed to refund my money. I think this would work better for women with short curly hair more than anything.
High setting stopped working on second use Delivery was fast, within a week. The first time using it I noticed that on all 3 settings the air is just warm, doesn't get very hot, which I thought wasn't that big of a deal considering my hair is bleached and I shouldn't be putting a lot of heat on it anyway. The second time I used it the high setting just didn't work, I switched it from medium to high and it just turned off when on the high setting. I had already thrown out the packaging at this point so since it was only like $13 I didn't feel like it was really even worth it to try to return.
I'm very disappointed.. The hair dryer that I received does not match the description. First of all, it does not look new, does not have a folding hand, and it's blue.
hard but it is fine for the price cord is to stiff, hard but it is fine for the price . The dryer works good.
Not much power The high power is about a mid between low and what should be high.  Takes much longer to dry my hair with this.  I would not purchase this again even though it was priced low.
Two Stars It was great while it lasted - 5 months! Just stopped working.
Dual voltage FAIL I bought it to use in Italy. It worked for a day, then the motor burned out. I don't think the adapter is up to the job, the description is wrong.
Two Stars It is ok
lasts a year well, it just didn't turn on after a year of use. it wasn't dropped or near to a water or anything that might've caused it to malfunction.<br /><br />As i was getting ready for my day, it just didn't turn on. i tried to troubleshoot it, reset, use a different plug etc. no luck.
Works fine, but to bright and loud. Blows hard and hot if needed. Had to disconnect night light, so bright, could be used as a street light. Also, loud enough to be used on a train, will wake everyone in the house with the door closed. Had a different brand for five years before, that was perfect, should have re-ordered the same.
Not the best Quality! The external head of Hair dryer consistently comes out and does not stick in the place. the heat and cold are good, but overall it's not made from the best quality materials. I wont recommend it to any one
It does harm to long hair! I bought it because of the low price and beautiful color, but tne item's color is so different from the picture. The most feature that diappointed me is my hair always roll into the back of it and the dryer broke my hair a lot, I strongly recommended people do not buy this product. I just don't want bother to return it, this is the only reason I keep it.
In the beginning things were fine, I just started using it 2weeks ago even ... In the beginning things were fine , I just started using it  2weeks ago even though I bought it months ago. With 2week(3 times a week) of use the thing has already died on me. This is not something, I would buy again. It didn't flat out die , it started declining in performance.
Would not recommend using for long period of time Haven't used that often (because it's summer) but the few times that I did there was a burning smell coming from the dryer.  Would not recommend using for long period of time.  Better yet, find another hair dryer for better overall quality and purpose.  Good luck.
dryer itself works good, however i am already wrapping duct tape around ... dryer itself works good, however i am already wrapping duct tape around the twist mechanism that allows the stand to go up and down....its cracked, first day of use, I should send it back but I need the dryer now
not much power this dryer did not blow with much power, I returned it.
do not buy it Terrible power!!!
Two Stars it has something wrong!! Graduated from spark fire
Easy to install Easy to install, just not what i thought. You would need to mount it right that head level, but i didnt like how much less control i had. I'll stick to taping my dryer to my counter.
Two Stars Not adjustable. My neck hurts.
Two Stars it is almost impossible to assemble but the dryer itself works well.
Two Stars It made my hair very puffy...very, very, way too puffy
Two Stars The cap is very small and tight. I had to take it off after 10 mins.
Two Stars blow holes are only at the top would be great if they were at the sides
