Works fine Overall I found this dryer to be well built, powerful unit though a bit on the heavy side.  Being a bit of a procrastinator when it comes tto getting haircuts, my hair tends to get fairly long between cuts and this dryer worked quickly and did a good job.<br /><br />Since it's very similar to the unit my wife uses (and I use now and then) I'm sure it would be fine for her use as well.<br /><br />Not sure what the point of the ion setting is all about (doesn't seem to make any difference when I used it), but it's there.<br /><br />If I needed a new dryer, this would fill the bill.
Great For The Price But somewhat noisy.  This is a big improvement over my 15 year old Conair with a higher volume of air pushed out.  Works like a hair dryer should with a compact form.
perfect for my fine hair Expensive, yes, but very much worth it! After my last hair dryer croaked I read many reviews and ordered the highly-rated Revlon Tourmaline Ionic Hair Dryer. That one actually took curl and body OUT of my hair and left it limp and hard to style. So I went hunting for a non-ionic dryer and chose this one, not at all sure I was happy paying $75 for a hair dryer. But I am indeed happy and would gladly buy it again. Styles my hair nicely with no frizz. I've used it for more than 3 years and it still works perfectly. The only flaw is some bare spots where the color scratched off in putting the dryer in and out of a drawer--not that I care one whit about the paint job on my hair dryer. I've rated it four stars rather than five simply because it's large.
Decent hair dryer. Was looking for a cheap, decent hair dryer for occasional guests. Did quite a bit of research before settling on this one. It fits the bill. Recommended.
Larger than I expected Works fine. Okay for traveling. I expected it to be quite a bit smaller. This is a full sized, professional sort of dryer...
Great hairdryer Great hairdryer. Powerful but not too heavy and bulky. Like it very much.
Almost perfect Searched for this dryer after trying it in a hotel and loving how great my hair looked.  Still happy with the way it dries my hair, but have found the same problem others have with the retractable cord.  It worked great for a month and now will not retract.  A bit of a nuisance that spoils overall satisfaction, but still worth buying.
Good Hair Dryer Replacing an old one. Works well just not quite as lightweight or as hot as my old one. Would recommend, though.
Great dryer, hideous night light The hair dryer looks and works great, but the bright neon green nightlight is truly ugly.  Thought I would just press the gfci switch to turn it off, but the button has a rubber overlay that is very hard to push.  So I opened up the dryer and disconnected the light.
Good item with minor flaws Overall, this is a very nice hair dryer. It is lightweight, which is a big plus in my book. I gave only 4 stars for 2 issues: 1) noise, and 2) cold-shot button. This is not the noisiest hair dryer I've used, but I do wish it was a bit quieter. Not enough of an issue to make me sorry I bought it. I do really wish, however, that the cold-shot button could be set so you don't have to continually hold it down. My previous hair dryer allowed the button to be set and left, which I liked a lot as I use it frequently. Luckily, the overall lightness of the dryer allows me to hold the button down fairly comfortably.
Great dryer! I love this dryer...it really does take away the frizzies. I'd give it 5 stars but it is a bit heavy and the cord is super long.
Check the distance to your outlet Product works fine and installs easily - but you should make sure that you have an outlet and a place to mount the dryer that allows the cord to reach the outlet and the dryer to reach your head. With the cord from the dryer only about six feet when fully extended, finding that perfect spot is not necessarily as simple as you might think.
Fast and Quiet I have enjoyed my T3 dryer, and so far has lived up to being very quiet and fast drying. Was disappointed to find out that T3 would not accept the serial number for registration, as it was not legitimate. So I don't know if my dryer is a fake or not.....
Wall mount Having a wall mounted hairdryer is great.  It keeeps the counter top clear of clutter, and you don't have to unplug it and put it away each time.  It has plenty of power, at least for my thin hair.  I have to run it in the 2nd setting, as the third setting is a little to hot.
Love it, but a warning! I bought this hair dryer in January of 2010 and it's been just great.  However, let me warn you that if it starts to make a low metallic or grinding noise, stop using it!  I tried it once more after hearing that and the thing started vibrating wildly and made a terrible noise as if it were about to fly apart in my hand.  I unplugged it just in time.  Maybe you won't have this problem if yours doesn't see much travel. Mine was in and out of suitcases so that may have contributed.
Liked it so much I bought a second Good dryer, very simple and has a nice combination of settings. Drys hair very fast with no frizz - even in Winter. Liked the first one so much I bought a second.<br /><br />UPDATE: I thought it worth updating this review, as it has been nearly 5 years since I purchased two of these dryers, and they are still going strong with daily use! One of the things that I have come to really appreciate about this dryer is that the low fan setting truly is low. So many other dryers give you high and higher as choices. I don't want to achieve the head out the car window look, I want just enough airflow to get the job done. Of course, there is a high setting if you do want more. The other noteworthy thing is that cleaning lint out of the dryer is so easy! The lint screen removes very easily and can be cleaned in seconds and replaced. This helps keep the unit working efficiently and adds to its life.
works and is decent price Appears well made, has a good fan speed and heats up well for a compact dryer.  Nice to have a hook to hold the cable.
Decent product I've been using a Super Solano professional dryer for years but was burning my hair, so, after a lot of internet research, decided to try this model.  This dryer does not push out as much air, but it is much lighter and quieter - which at first made me think it was not doing as good a job.  To my surprise, it actually did a better job in the same amount of time.  Despite the heat, no burning occurred, and my slightly wavy hair was nice and straight, shiny and smooth.  Not really sure what ions or tourmaline do, but the results are solid.
Good value, pretty cheap Believe it or not, I actually bought this to replace an 1875w Dryer by Revlon that was at least 10 years old. I was used to having a button for heat and a button for speed of fan. I see only the one button and it has heat and speed together, I think. There is a cool shot button too. Guess I could read the direction booklet if I did not throw it away. Either way, I like the dryer. It has a trip button on the outlet plug that is a safety feature that helped once on the old one when a thunderstorm went by and I was using the dryer.  A good feature. The dryer is lightweight.
Fifth failure of same feature (LOW setting fails) Update: I purchased my latest replacement (yes, if you buy this product you will need to replace it regularly) on Jun 19, 2017 and now it has failed on July 27 (LOW speed stopped working so it only blows on HIGH). The product is wonderful when it works but my Amazon order history shows it is a consistent failure (purchases on Jan 3, 2012, Mar 5, 2013, May 20, 2013, Jun 19, 2017) of the same feature. There was at least one other failure but I complained directly to the manufacturer about the short lifespan in 2013 and was sent a new one and also bought another new one at a local store and these two lasted 4 years, 2013-2017.<br /><br />Some people may ask why I keep buying this product and I will say, 1) it is inexpensive, 2) a few of these units have lasted for more than one year, 3) the 3 holes on my bathroom wall where it is mounted are difficult to disguise and each replacement unit so far has fit into these holes (although I now use a slightly larger drywall anchor) and, 4) I like having a hair dryer off my counter!<br /><br />Original comment: I purchased this hair dryer more than a year ago and used it nearly every day to dry both my husband's and my own short hair.  It is a reasonably quiet but powerful machine that does its job well.  The addition of a hanger on the wall mount to wrap the cord out of harms way, since it inevitably stretches out, is a great innovation.  I would have given it a 5-star review then.<br /><br />Unfortunately the lower speed (it has two speeds) stopped functioning after a little more than a year. The higher speed is too hot and too noisy to use.  I repurchased the exact same hair dryer on April 6, 2013.  Today--3 days AFTER the 30-day product replacement window--the lower speed stopped functioning.<br /><br />Updated 7/14/15:  The manufacturer replaced this hair dryer under their more customer-friendly policy but I had already bought a new one from Amazon so I stored it away.  Last week, more than two YEARS later, the new Amazon hair dryer quit (same reasons as before) and I was able to install the stored dryer in 10 minutes.  I urge Amazon customers to always consider invoking the manufacturer's warranty and remind everyone that being able to reprint the Amazon purchase record provides &#34;proof of purchase&#34; they needed to honor their own 1-year warranty.  I also  am upgrading this product to 4 stars because it continued to perform well for longer than many inexpensive electrical appliances these days and, obviously, I like the style and functionality enough to keep buying the same unit<br />I won't purchase a third one.  I downgraded my review to 3 stars because, when functioning correctly, it is still a very decent hair dryer.  The company needs to work on their quality control issues.air dryer quit (same reasons as before) and I was able to install the stored dryer in 10 minutes.  I urge Amazon customers to always consider invoking the manufacturer's warranty and remind everyone that being able to reprint the Amazon purchase record provides &#34;proof of purchase&#34; they needed to honor their own 1-year warranty.  I also  am upgrading this product to 4 stars because it continued to perform well for longer than many inexpensive electrical appliances these days and, obviously, I like the style and functionality enough to keep buying the same unit<br />I won't purchase a third one.  I downgraded my review to 3 stars because, when functioning correctly, it is still a very decent hair dryer.  The company needs to work on their quality control issues.
A good hairdryer This  is a good high volume blow dryer.  I need a dryer that will add volume and this one does a nice job.  It comes with 3 attachments - a root dryer, a diffuser and a direction blowing attachment.  The only down side to this dryer is that it is heavy.  Not the worst I've had, but it is not light - so if you have to spend a long time drying your hair, this might not be the dryer for you.
Love it! Pros<br />鈥?lightweight (best feature)<br />鈥⒙爏trong force of air if you want it<br />鈥?multiple heat controls<br /><br />Cons<br />鈥?I don't think the diffuser does much, but I really don't care about that.
Great Value! Excellent hair dryer for the money!  Drying time is cut by half, great tools included.  My only wish is that it didn't weigh so much.  It is a bit heavy but on the upside, by biceps are more sculpted now. :)  So...you can save about $200 dollars for this model and have a heavier dryer or purchase a T3 which performs the same but is wayyy lighter.<br /><br />Decisions...decisions...  :)
Would like it to have a little more power but it is most important that it is more quiet and works well! Would like it to have more power but love that it is more quite than most!  This hair dryer works well and I always use it on high as anything lower is not very strong at all.  Its a great price for the quality.<br /> I bought it to replace one that was screaming loud and it is so much more quiet than my old one! I appreciate that it will not make me loose my hearing while helping me have a good hair day!
Value Mounted very quickly in the same holes of the previous dryer. Works great and a  good value. Previous dryer cost 3 times more and worked the same.
Hard to believe but works as promised I was skeptical to think that an expensive hair dryer could be better than my basic, cheapie Conair I had been using, but it totally works!  It's alot heavier than I thought it would be but you don't have to hold it as long because my hair actually dried faster.  I got lured in by the coupon but it was still alot to spend.  My hair was healthier, indeed shinier and less frizzy after blow-drying.  I wasn't exactly sure how to use all the nozzle attachments and when to use which for what, but I'm still experimenting.
Four Stars Easliy installed and works well.....
First worked for three years, second for three seconds Due to our bathroom layout, a dryer with a retractable cors and folding handle works best.  I bought one of these three years ago.  It was used almost daily by my husband.  Due to his current hair style (short on the sides, missing on the top),  each use was for less than a minute.<br /><br />When it stopped working (just wouldn't turn on), I looked for another model, but this was the only one with both the handle and cord features.  Easy decision. I ordered another and put it in his cabinet.  The next day he tried it (he forgot his old one had broken and said that it only went on for a few seconds before it would turn off.  It turned back on without any resets, but repeatedly stayed on for only a few seconds.<br /><br />So, I dug out the box from the recycling and returned it to Amazon.  Two days later, the third one was in his cabinet.  Three weeks later, Dryer #3 is working fine.<br /><br />Basically it is a decent, no frills dryer that does exactly what it is supposed to.
Four Stars A gift no feedback from recipient.
Nice features for a hangup hair dryer Traveling on business often allowed me to try quite a few hotel hair dryers over the years.  The features I like about the Andis hair dryers I've used were that they were not too large or heavy, they had medium heat to medium-high heat, they didn't blow too hard, and they were relatively quite.  I've used some hair dryers that almost gave me wrist strain trying to hold them, and some that caused your ears to ring once your hair was dry.  The Andis' hangup models seem to find a good compromise between function and low noise levels. I've put these in all our bathrooms at home, since they can be used without disturbing others in the house even if they are sleeping.  Some different models of Andis dryers I've owned before would stop working after about a year due to a diode on the on/off switch overheating and failing, but this model doesn't seem to have that issue.  Other nice features that this 30975/HD-10L has are that there is no GFI transformer plug at the end of the cord...It's built into the base housing of the dryer.  Also, this unit comes with a cord hang-up bracket which can be placed on either side of the base. Like other hair dryers the on/off switch will reset to the off position when it's placed back into the base wall holder. Taking the dryer out of the base again will resume the flow of warm air. Some reviewers have complained of the brightness of the built-in nightlight. It's not annoying to me and it can be use it as the only nightlight in the bathroom. If I could ask for only one additional feature, it would be a way to change the color of the LED light.  There are many LED nightlights on the market that let you select what color you'd like the light to have, and lock it to that color.  This would be a nice feature to have on this unit, and might please those that think the light is too bright.  Last, this unit has a metal wall bracket and paper template, so it's actually very easy to install. The plastic base then screws to the metal plate, once mounted, with two small screws hidden by the hair dryer when it's in the base. Any excess cord can be hidden inside the base, so between not having an unsightly GFI box on the plug end and the fact that you can shorten the cord to just a few inches, if needed, makes for a very clean installation. No cords unsightly tangled cords hanging around your bath to get caught on other stuff.  And not having the GFI plug allows other appliances like cordless tooth brushes, shavers, or rollers to be used on the same wall outlet without the adjacent plug(s) being blocked.ted, with two small screws hidden by the hair dryer when it's in the base. Any excess cord can be hidden inside the base, so between not having an unsightly GFI box on the plug end and the fact that you can shorten the cord to just a few inches, if needed, makes for a very clean installation. No cords unsightly tangled cords hanging around your bath to get caught on other stuff.  And not having the GFI plug allows other appliances like cordless tooth brushes, shavers, or rollers to be used on the same wall outlet without the adjacent plug(s) being blocked.
Four Stars Does what it's supposed to do.
Good dryer. Minor complaints. After spending some nights in motels with wall mounted hair dryers I wanted one. Sunbeam seemed the most popular and best. So I bought this one.<br /><br />Minor complaints:<br />  *  Power cord to outlet is too short for my situation. I live in an apartment. Outlet is on one side of the hand towel rack; I had to mount it on the other side so the cord is flopping at a diagonal under the towels. I wanted to mount the dryer higher but the cord wouldn't reach.<br />  *  I also use the dryer to other parts of my body due to psoriasis which is aggravated by moisture and  my feet which are prone to moisture related problems and the cord between the base and the dryer makes doing this awkward.<br />  *  Night light is OK doesn't affect my sleep. But if I had known it was available without the night light I would have bought that instead.
Perfect for my gym bag This does the job for my gym bag. It has the basic, low, high and cool shot settings and best of all, it folds and is compact for travel.
Variable heat and speeds -- Excellent safety features. Excellent hair dryer with some good features.  Some of these features seem to be from a marketer's mind rather than real.  It won't fix damaged hair...whatever that means.  It won't make your hair shinier, healthier, or improve your already good looks.  However, in real world day-to-day use it is very capable and effective at drying and styling.<br /><br />It feels solid and well built without being too hefty.  It has very solid cord connectors and circuit breaker protection built into the plug...excellent safety features!  The handle and controls are very well placed for ease of use.  They stay cool to the touch during use.  It has 2 speeds and 3 heat settings.  Low speed and low heat works best for us. It puts out a huge amount of hot air at high heat and high speed.  It has a cool air blow feature which is good for finishing the drying process.  It has a couple of attachments, a concentrator and diffuser, which you may find useful.  It definitely is not portable though it is transportable if weight is not an issue.<br /><br />Hair dryers are a commodity and there are a lot of choices.  This unit stands out in a crowded field and should work for almost all hair drying and styling situations and requirements.
Great but lower watts My daughter just loves this small hair dryer.  However, it is advertised on Amazon having 1200 watts.  I have a Kill-A-Watt's meter to test the house wattage, and this hair dryer reads 981 watts on high and 255 watts on low setting.  However, it works great and saves some energy.
It is quiet, but not light-weight. I think this hair dryer dries well and the motor is relatively quiet.<br /><br />I always use this hair dryer with the diffuser on.  I find that it is not particularly ergonomic or light-weight.  Sometimes while holding the dryer, I accidentally change the heat setting.  Perhaps I just need to use it a little longer to get used to it (my previous hair dryer was smaller and didn't have a diffuser attachment).
INEXPENSIVE DRYER GETS THE JOB DONE This is a very decent little hair dryer: very inexpensive, two speeds and heats, but it packs punch for its size. I wish it were some other color (not a huge fan of pink), but I am very satisfied with this purchase.
Great hairdryer. First used it at a hotel and ... Great hairdryer.  First used it at a hotel and was finally able to locate one online.
Leaves Hair Squeaky Clean I'm a guy who's pretty much fine with Head and Shoulders as a shampoo of choice so I'm not particularly discriminating. I have fairly thick hair that I keep mine cut short so if Pro-v was going to give my hair volume I would hardly notice. Overall I was pleased with the shampoo and it literally left my hair squeaky clean. I'm not sure if that's necessarily a good thing since according to my wife that squeak is caused when shampoo strips the oil from your hair. I needed to continue to use my Head and Shoulders occasionally because the Pro-v doesn't seem to help with dandruff. The Pro-v was fine but I didn't notice a huge difference with other shampoos.
Expensive and not sure it's worth it I spent more money on this dryer than I have any other before. Was it worth the price? I don't think so.<br /><br />It is a decent dryer....super fast drying...so if you have thick hair, you'll love it. My problem is I have thin, fine hair and I'd prefer a lower setting. I can use the &#34;Scalp setting&#34; but even that is a bit powerful. I like a lower setting to style my hair better. This just blows it in all directions. I don't see that much difference to be honest in the end result as I get with any other dryer.<br /><br />I won't send it back...does the job but I still like my old dryer best which is no longer made.
Works well, Good deal This dryer does everything I need it to do. I bought it to use on my dog since he shivers after a bath, he actually lets me use this dryer on him which means I don't have to wrap him in a towel and hold him for a half hour after his bath. I usually air dry my long thick hair but am able to dry it in about 5 minutes if I am in a hurry or it is too cold for wet hair. The price is right, happy with this purchase.
Saves time I have thick hair and this dryer saves about 10 minutes off drying time. My hair looks smoother, as if I've had a salon blowout. I'd recommend it.
Nice, light weight; slightly less output than expected I got this to put in our guest room and then, comparing it to my vintage model, claimed it for myself. I don't know how much &#34;times&#34; have changed since the last time I bought a hairdryer, but I was surprised at its slightly reduced output. It's light, though, which is an improvement, and it's easy to operate, so I like it overall.
Hair Dryer This dryer does a great job and would merit 5 stars if it were just a tad smaller in size!
Size and strength concerns. Good dual-voltage travel dryer, although a bit larger than expected, and a little weaker than an 1875 should be, IMHO. Still - it works fine.
Nice and Basic This is a nice basic hair dryer and very affordable.  No frills, no thrills, doesn't fold, no retractable cord, etc.  Works very well and nothing has broken so far.  Far better than the more expensive model.  So far, I'm very pleased with my purchase.
It dries my hair great! This feels and acts like a commercial grade hair dryer.  The heat is sufficient and it dries my hair quickly.  I have straight medium thick hair and it usually takes longer with my other hair dryer, so this is a huge plus.  My daughter has very curly and extremely THICK hair and wants to take this dryer from me.  It works wonders on her hair and cuts her dry time in half.    We are very pleased with the Remington D-2012 dryer but if there were to be modifications in the future it would be to perhaps make it lighter and quieter.  If you want fast, salon dry hair, this is a great purchase.
Lasted 6 weeks, but quickly replaced Puchased November 2010. I liked this hair dryer but it blew after 6 weeks.  However, I contacted the company and they replaced it within about a week at no cost.
user friendly At first i wasn't sure about how it would work, after buying the right adaptor, however it did and i an very impress. I have decided to buy this same product for a friend's birthday, i hope she too would find it as useful as i did.
Great Product Doesn't fry my hair like my last blow dryer, easy to store with retractable cord. It has a number of settings as well. Great buy! Got great rating from Good Morning America. (The reason I bought it).
Dry n' Shiny! This hair dryer, first off, is great because it's QUIET. My daughter despises the noise from most hairdryers and this doesn't bother her in the least. Also, its ion technology is much gentler on her hair (and mine), which I'm in favor of as well. One of the best features, however, is that it is lightweight, which makes it terrific for travel, not to mention being easy on my forearms and shoulders (I have pretty thick hair and it takes forever to dry). It's a solid piece of equipment and I've already purchased another. Thumbs up!
NOT legit but still happy with the purchase. ANY T3 product purchased on Amazon is NOT recognized by the company (i.e. manufacturer warranty NOT honored). I tried to register my product and found that my serial number was already registered... I contacted the company and was told that neither Amazon nor the reseller are authorized resellers for T3. This could mean a number of things... Nevertheless, I love this dryer, which seems to work extremely well. I decided to take my chances with this &#34;version&#34; of the T3 Micro Featherweight Luxe, which is about half the price of one from the manufacturer or an authorized reseller.
OK to me! I needed an inexpensive hairdryer. When it arrived, it was not as large as I thought it would be...that's a good thing when you're tight on storage space. I would say this is a mid-size hairdryer. Not the full gigantic salon-sized version nor the mini travel version. It doesn't seem too noisy when on and the volume of air it blows is pretty decent.<br /><br />The overall construction is as you would expect for the price...a glossy smooth plastic outer shell surrounding the internal heating/electrical/mechanical workings. The switch is easy to manipulate into the desired setting: down for low and up for high. The cool shot button allows the hairdryer to ramp up into the high mode but blow out cool air. The filter cover on the end of the hairdryer is easy to remove by twisting off. I prefer this type of filter cover over the hinged version that you cannot run under the sink for a good cleaning. If you ever rinse the filter cover, make sure it is absolutely dry before putting it back on the hairdryer as water and electricity do not mix! On the topic of electricity, the hairdryer also features a GFCI plug in case your bathroom doesn't have a GFCI outlet. This feature trips the power off to your hairdryer in case it comes into contact with water, preventing electrocution.<br /><br />The weight is decent and lightweight, not too heavy to hold while drying your hair. The handle could be a bit more comfortable, but for the money I cannot complain that much.<br /><br />I don't know about durability, but I think it was a decent purchase and very utilitarian.
A good unit Pretty average. Just what I needed, though. About what I expected, for the money.
Powerful This is a great hair dryer. It's powerful and dries my hair quickly.  The only draw draw back is that it's pretty heavy. I can handle it, but if you have trouble holding your arms up long enough to blow your hair dry, you may want to look at a different product.
It works fine I have a full sized chi hair dryer, which I like.  I was looking for a similar dryer that I could take with me when I traveled -- hotel dryers were ok, but I missed a better dry...<br /><br />This dryer is fine.  The handle collapses so it is easy enough to stow, and it also comes with its own little cloth bag which is good to keep the cord from getting tangled up during transport.<br /><br />My hair is dried well, though not as well as my full sized dryer at home.  No complaints, however.<br /><br />I would recommend this for size, easy of use, and the nice added accessory of the bag.
Chi Ceramic Flat Iron works pretty well and leaves my hair silky smooth. I have thick hair so sometimes it doesn not want to hold the style that I wish is to hold but the Chi Ceramic Flat Iron works better than most other flat irons I have used and and leaves my hair silky and smooth.  So far I have not noticed any hair damage or breakage, A BIG PLUS.
Great value I've only been using this dryer for a week but like it. It is powerful and does a nice job. I'm not sure how long it is going to last however. But for the price, I'm pleased.
Pretty decent power bought for my 11-year old daughter, she loves it.  the price was just right, and it's simple to use. Pretty decent power, and the cold shot button works great without losing power (like some I have owned).  Would recommend as a great basic hair dryer.
Four Stars Because of the placement on the blower, it takes up more space than I anticipated.  It does the job!
Works great I just bought this dryer a couple weeks ago, I really like it. It dries my hair quickly and it does not leave my hair frizzy.  The only thing I would change is the on/off button. I hit that often causing it to shut off.
Good economical dryer for curly hair Wanted a bowl diffuser to dry my curly hair and this is great at a good price.  Would recommend.
Dries my hair fast! I have super thick hair and drying my hair is a chore to say the least. When my old Revlon dryer finally hit the crapper, I bought this at my local CVS. This dryer works like a charm and dries my hair lightning quick. The attachments works well and I love how you don't have to hold down a button to get cool air. I just wish it had a longer cord.<br /><br />Note: if you're thinking of getting this, buy it on here! CVS and the other drugstores overcharge; I paid almost $40 for this at CVS. That's the only thing I regret about the purchase, hehe!
Very disappointed. Was tired of hair dryers that died after 3 years so I purchased this.  It died after 4 MONTHS!  the heating element broke.  Very disappointed.<br />----<br />6/10/2015 update... Called customer service and they sent a replacement within a few days!  Fabulous!  Still disappointed the dryer died so quickly but with this kind of company backing up their products, I definitely wouldn't hesitate to buy from them again!
As promised This hairdryer works well for the price. I would buy it again. Hair dries fairly quickly, but the air stream is not that strong.
Four Stars Works well..no issues.
but it is very adequate and it is easy to handle It isn't the stronger dryer I have used, but it is very adequate and it is easy to handle. The shipping was quick and perfect. So If your dryer dies This was a great substitute!! Thank you.
She said it works very good. She likes it I bought for my wife.<br />My wife choose this one.<br />She said it works very good.<br />She likes it.<br />But little heavy.
Multitude of settings - powerful but quiet Love the variety of settings. Has a great long lead to move around as you dry your hair. Can just about carry out a conversation as you use it.
Great hair dryer This replaced my very old Sassoon Quiet Dryer. It dries my hair very similarly- it gets plenty hot but doesn't blow too hard so that I can style with a round brush while drying.  The only thing I don't like it is too loud- I plug up my ears while using it.
No more frizzy hair! For my entire half century of life, I've been blessed with curly hair which morphs to piles of frizz in rainy, snowy or humid weather.  Regular hand-held hair dryers never quite dried my very-thick hair and didn't prevent the frizz.  This one not only dries my hair, but does so quickly and a lot more quietly than any other I've used.  The best thing is that it really does reduce the FrizzFactor significantly.  I won't claim it's completely gone, but having 90% less frizz is cause for celebration and a four-star rating.  By the way, I live in HotLanta where frizzy-hair weather lasts longer than a Maine winter.
Four Stars Very adequate.
Convenient wall-mounted dryer until it failed catastrophically This model was installed by our contractor and served well for several years, until one day its innards flew apart (nobody was hurt) -- so we bought a replacement.  The wall mount is very convenient.  Because we installed it low on a cabinet and the cord is a bit short, we hung it upside-down (i.e. cord on top), which requires the fifth (optional) screw through the hole in the magnet (otherwise it would slip right off the wall mount).  Power is adequate for me.
Excellent I ordered this because I wanted a powerful. non-ionic, non-tourmaline, non-ceramic hair dryer... which is almost impossible to find now, as I'm sure you realize if you're looking at this!  I am VERY happy with it!  I only have a couple of small cons... one is that the dryer is fairly heavy, which I only may be noticing because I'm getting old!; the other is that it is slightly difficult to regulate the temperature to the level of warm I want... it's not too bad, but is slightly warmer than I'd like.  If you, like me, are searching for a dryer of all the nons I would recommend this!
Hair blower  O K When I first purchased this hair blower, I had doubts as the price was very reasonable. When it was finially installed, it worked very well. Perhaps not as fancy as the more exspensive units, but for the most part it is very good .I highly recomend this hair blower
Great dryer Great dryer, gets the job done.  It is a bit heavy but manageable.  I've had it for quite awhile now...can't remember how long...and no diminishment in power or performance.
Works well This dryer works really well. I have long hair and hate having to wait to dry it. this dryer cut down the amount of time it takes. It also has three speed settings witch is nice.
Great for fine hair I've had this dryer for two and a half years, and it just died, but that's not bad for a hair dryer. I went out and bought another the same day. It's the best I've ever had for my short, fine hair. The hot setting isn't overly hot, and the cool setting does a nice job of setting my style.
Satisfactory I bought this to replace a very compact size that burned out. I mistakenly thought the larger size would mean this new one would be more powerful, but it was not. It does seem to work fine though and I probably shouldn't deduct a star for my misgivings, but I don't love it.
Works great, night light is bright After a few weeks of using this wall mount hair dryer, I am impressed. Works great, very functional, nice looking. Some side comments are that the night light is very bright and there doesn't seem to be an option to turn it off. Also, it holds very tight in the mount and you have to pull it rather firmly to get it out. Everytime I do this, the base looks like it wants to come out of the wall, time will only tell - it will probably loosen up over more use.
Replacement Unit This was bought to replace the same unit that had mysteriously stopped working after several years of heavy use. Obviously we like the performance and convienience of a wall mounted blow dryer. Nothing fancy, but handy.
Good solid hair dryer This is a nice hair dryer that does the job quick and well.  I didn't know what a Ionic Ceramic hair dryer was when I bought it, but it really does dry my hair quicker than my last hair dryer.  And it really does leave it fuller and shinier.  I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't experienced it myself, but I've been very pleased with the results.<br /><br />As mentioned elsewhere, the switch/button design makes it a little difficult to adjust the settings as you're drying.  But the chosen settings do stay in place once set, and the design of the sliding switches does make the handle easy and comfortable to grip.  So there is both good and bad points with this sliding switch design.<br /><br />Finally, the three heat and two speed settings give me more options than my last hair dryer did, which is very nice.<br /><br />All in all, I'm happy with this purchase.  It's a good hair dryer that gets the job done.
Good product, a bit pricey [[ASIN:B0017WNHYG Turbo Power Twin Turbo 2600 Hair Dryer]] I bought this for my mom's beauty salon; she had some of these but they were worn out, so basically she knew what to expect from this product.  Although it was a good buy, it wasn't exactly a bargain as the price was not very far from what I could get on a 'brick and mortar' store. As of know it has been what expected: reliable, and comfortable in hand. I (my mom) would recommend this product.
Four Stars Good hair dryer. It can make your hair more straight but its kinda heavy compared to other hair dryers.
Good hairdryer, retractable cord could be better, only lasted 7 months This hairdryer is relatively quiet. However, the cord does not retract all the way that it should. I have had other retractable hair dryers that did not have a problem retracting (until I broke off the button...) It's better than not retracting, but there's a good 8 inches left after its retracted.  ________________  Jan 2011  The hairdryer died on me.  Most hairdryers will last a couple years. This only lasted 7 months.
Overall, pleased There is not much I can add to what has already been written about this blow dryer. I made my  purchase based on what others had said. My experience mirrors theirs. It is a very powerful dryer, relatively quiet, and fairly lightweight. As mentioned, the buttons are surprisingly awkward given the quality of the dryer. Once you accept you'll constantly be knocking them off your desired speed and heat, you'll find this a first rate hair dryer. Wet hair is no match for this dryer.
So Many Settings! This is a really neat, compact hair dryer. It dried my shoulder length hair pretty quickly.  I did not use the concentrator nozzle for getting my hair dry, but I did use the thin nozzle with a round brush for styling purposes.  I really liked that this hair dryer has 3 speed settings, 2 heat settings, and a cool shot function.  I used all 3 of these.  The cool shot function is probably my favorite, it really &#34;sets&#34; your style in place.  The hair dryer is pretty light and the handle is ergonomically designed to feel good in your hand, and it does.  I do have to mention that the first time I used it, there was a distinct burning smell, I was a little concerned about it, but after about a minute or so into use, it stopped and I haven't noticed it again since.  Also, the cord on this hair dryer is THICK, as in it is not going to twist and kink up, it is a quality cord that it going to last a LONG time.<br />  All in all, this is a really good hair dryer,  If you are looking for something on the smaller side, something lightweight, that does a great job quickly, this is a good option.<br /><br />ANEMONE Wind Flower Professional Ionic Ceramic Hair Dryer provided by XTAVA.
This is a great hair dryer but it pulled so much amps that ... This is a great hair dryer but it pulled so much amps that i can't you use it oin my bathroom off of my 15amp GFI outlet
Powerful small dryer It is compact size but not small enough for travel. But I use it in my room which is ok for me. It is powerful and can dry my short hair in a few minutes.
handy little hair dryer We bought this dryer, because we have a tiny bathroom with little storage space.  It was easy to hang, but the bracket holds the unit away from the wall a bit.  It has adequate power and the controls are easy.  We are very pleased with it.
great little hair dryer I selected this hair dryer after using the same one at a Hyatt. I like the way it folds up quite small, the cord retracts well and it feels sturdy. I have long, thick, wavy hair and this dryer works pretty quickly to flatten it out and make it smooth. The air blows out very forcefully, but doesn't seem to feel too &#34;burney.&#34;
Four Stars It dries hair quickly and it's not to loud.
Good, but not what I expected. It is heavier than expected and doesn't feel balanced in my hand.  The opening and attachments are smaller than our previous Remington, which is what I was trying to replace.  It is okay, but I don't think I would buy the same model again.
Amazon to the rescue The conair hairdryer arrived promptly and works perfectly.  The price was acceptable and I was pleased to have my old non-working appliance replaced so easily.
Lightweight and Easy To Hold and Use The Conair 1875-Watt Cord Keeper is, well, a keeper. After several years with heavy ceramic hair dryers with winding the cord after use, The Conair is a breath of fresh air. The cord itself is very easy to take out and retract. Making it pretty much usable with any plug in our bathroom vanity. When you turn it on, you notice how quiet it is compared to your past hair dryers. Comes in handy when your spouse may be sleeping in while you get ready in the morning. How well does it work? Longer, thicker hair seems to dry much faster and with it's lightweight use, it is much easier to sustain longer positions when drying thicker hair. The three temperature settings are nice and really easy to get to with one hand. With the retractable cord, ease of use and the lightweight features of this, I can highly recommend it.
Four Stars Works great!
Four Stars Works great. Little bit heavy
It is huge Wow, it is huge ... and not just huge for a &#34;portable&#34; ... I mean huge.  Now maybe it's because this baby is an 1875 watt job and all our other current and prior hair dryers are 1600 or less.  When it is open, it is bigger than any other hair dryer we have ever owned.  When it is closed (folded, for &#34;travel&#34; -- heh, like this would handily fit in a suitcase) this thing is almost as big as my dopp (shaving bag).  Fortunately we travel more by ground so we don't worry much about suitcase space.<br /><br />And, as others have mentioned, the cord does not reel in all the way without help or retries.  We can live with that.  Even once the cord is stored, the cordstop leaves about a foot of cord out.  It wasn't a surprise because other reviewers have mentioned this too.<br /><br />On the plus side it does dry hair quickly.  FYI, all the girls in our family have long thick hair.<br /><br />A very important feature this dryer has -- and a major reason I chose it -- is that it does have a &#34;medium&#34; heat setting.  (Most just have high and low, with low being very low.)  The reason &#34;medium&#34; is important, especially on a high wattage unit, is that &#34;high&#34; can blow circuit breakers.  If you don't whether you have 20amp service on an outlet, you may really want the medium setting.  (Ever try to get a hotel to reset your breaker while your wife's hair is wet?)  The &#34;medium&#34; setting dries hair just fine.  The high setting dries hair scary fast, but I'm not sure how good that much heat is for your hair in the long run, but it is nice to have when you're in a hurry.<br /><br />A word of advice about any high wattage appliance with a cord reel:  always pull the cord all the way out regardless of how much you need.  I don't know if it tells you that in the manual but it's always a good idea because a coiled cord carrying a lot of current will get hot.  From staring at this unit, it is possible the hair dryer draws the cold intake air across the cord reel so they might have thought of that already but I wouldn't rely on that.<br /><br />Anyway, this is a great hair dryer as long as you know before buying about its size and the price is certainly right.the cord reel so they might have thought of that already but I wouldn't rely on that.<br /><br />Anyway, this is a great hair dryer as long as you know before buying about its size and the price is certainly right.
BOUGHT FOR USE BY GUESTS Since we moved south, we have had many guests.  Finally, we decided to just &#34;outfit&#34; the guest bathroom.  All of our friends who use this hair dryer comment about how nice it is.  Apparently, it's a hit!
great dryer This is the type of dryer I saw in a lot of Marriott hotels.  The cord doesn't completely coil up inside of it, there is some hanging out, so that's something that might annoy people, if they expect it to coil all the way up to the plug end.  The folding handle is nice, too, if you want to travel with it.  My daughters, who have lots of hair, use it and don't complain about it being low power, which is saying something, coming from dramatic teenagers...
Andis makes good on warranty Two year old dryer quit. Exploded inside unit with a bright orange fireball. Cord was melted at handle. Returned to authorised service centre. Andis sent replacement free of charge. They make good on their five year warranty. Now there's another warranty with this new one!<br /><br />Hopefully I shan't experience that type of inconvenience (or mind you) danger again. Noticed before dryer's demise - cord was hot to the touch.<br /><br />Used the [[ASIN:B0009XH6TG Andis RC-2 Ionic 1875W Ceramic Hair Dryer with Folding Handle and Retractable Cord]] whilst awaiting replacement. Noticed it didn't have the heating capabilities as the 75370 has. Glad to have it back!
Wall mount is handy We started using this model 10 years ago - it's so much better than putting it in a drawer or leaving it on the counter all the time.  This dryer has a night light but it's not bright enough to be your only night light in the bathroom.  We're on our 3rd Conair wall mount dryer (all the same model).  The first one lasted about 5 years - it's actually good for a hair dryer that gets daily use.  The first one died (I contributed by not cleaning it enough).  The 2nd had a little piece of plastic that broke off in the holder - when you put the hair dryer back in the wall mount, there's a little plastic piece that holds it in securely and that piece was damaged.  #2 lasted about 4 years, so not too bad for daily use (the dryer was fine, it was the holder).  Hopefully this lasts at least 4 years again.
Remington D3710 Ceramic Fast Finish Dual Fan Turbo Hair Dryer For years, literally, I'd been searching for a powerful hair dryer, one that didn't cost an arm and a leg. This is it. My hair is thin and wimpy, but still takes several minutes to dry. The longer it takes to dry, the frizzier it gets. (I'm not a pro when it comes to drying my hair. Far from it.) Even if the humidity is high, with this dryer my hair dries fast, frizz-free and straight.     It is heavy for my arthritic hands and arms, so I use a hair dryer stand, similar to [...], that I purchased many years ago at a drug store in their Made for TV section. I haven't timed it, but it seems to take less than five minutes to completely dry my hair.     The cord is approximately six feet long, long enough for my use since I don't walk around while drying my hair. The temperature and air control on the handle are slide levers. With arthritis, particularly bad in my thumbs, I find it somewhat difficult to adjust them, thus the four-star rating.     Color-wise, I'd describe it as a rich salmon. I don't see a purpose to the clear encasement over the dual fans, but that doesn't bother me one way or the other.     Over all, I'm very glad I made this purchase and I do recommend it for people who don't like spending a lot of time under the dryer.
Andis hair dryer This is a great hair dryer that styles my hair well and reduces frizz/flyaways.  It's 2 heat settings, plus cool blast button enable me to round brush my hair even when it's almost dry.  My only complaint is that the buttons are in a weird place so I accidently hit the hot/warm switch or turn it off while drying my hair.
Good for occasional use Too small for rollers, but great for conditioning, gloss, semi-permanent color, etc.  bonnet is the size of 3-layer cake.  Short hose, but that saves fan power and weight.  Consider spending more if planning regular use.
Standard Works well, BUT what I needed was a really long cord.  This hair dryer has the standard length cord - disappointed
Good Cheap Hairdryer This is very cheap, and has a lower wattage than most of the dryers on the market.  I needed less power, because I have curly hair and use this on the low setting with a diffuser.  Worth the price, but don't be surprised if it dies after a year or so.  I'm on my 3rd one.  The price is still worth it, though, so I keep buying more.
Don't get it for the night light I purchased two of these (one white and one black) and the night lights they have are plenty bright and look very nice. The problem is that they don't last. The night light in the white one went out on the second day. The night light in the black one went out on the third day. After I drilled the holes to mount them, I didn't really want to bother with the hassle to return them since the hair dryers both work fine.  I'm pretty sure I saw a cheaper version of these without the night light, and that's what I'd recommend. I'm used to a bit more wind from my regular dryer (at three times the size) but these dryers still complete the job in about the same amount of time.  The ones I received DO have the coiled cord, exactly like the picture (some say they received straight cords) and it turns off automatically when you return the dryer to the holder.  My only complaints are the night lights going out (of course) and the fact that you can't remove the dryer from the holder to pack in a suitcase, which is a shame because they are very small and would be great for travel if you could.  All in all I'm happy with the purchase.
Small but powerful. This thing packs some blowing power for a small sized hair dryer. I'm happy with it, plus it was really inexpensive.
I absolutely recommend at this price Powerful as any other hairdryer out there. Compact and ligthweight enough for my overseas travel.  And so convenient to not have to carry a converter.  I absolutely recommend at this price.
Great hairdryer Thought all hairdryers were the same. This one is lioke going to a salon. Liked it so much , bought one for my daughter.
Not bad but not great. I bought this hair dryer close to a month ago. Overall I am satisfied with the dryer itself. The built-in nightlight I thought would help me save from taking up another outlet for a separate nightlight. However, the nightlight stopped working after only about 5 days. It still comes on occasionally (when it feels like it). When it is on, it is very bright. One other improvement I would like to see is where it plugs into the wall. I would like to see a 90 degree plug so that the cord does not stick out so far from the wall. For my particluar bathroom setup, the cord sticking out gets in my way. Not bad for the price though.
Works just fine............ I have had a dublduck blower for over 30 yrs...........looks very similar to this one. Still works; however one day it will stop and I wanted something reasonably priced that will fit the bill............so far this one is. But I rather doubt it will have the longevity my original one has had! WOW
Dries well, runs cool, if that makes sense... The dryer does its job well and despite its large size is fairly easy to handle.  Speaking of the handle, it stays cool, as does the rest of the casing.  It is a bit noisier than I thought it would be but it has a deeper sound than our previous dryer... which kind of whined.
Soft bonnet hair dryer The attachment to the hair bonnet does not hold well.  Other than that, I'm happy with the purchase.
great in the U.S., but... My wife and I bought this for our travels in Europe.  It works well here in the U.S., but much louder and hotter in Europe.  So far, it worked, though.
Four Stars Great dryer; better price...good buy!
blow dryer I was a little skeptical about buying this blow dryer because of the mixed reviews, but I have had the dryer for at least a month and had no problems with it.  I like it very much.
Great Hair dryer I stayed at a hotel that had these hair dryers. I liked it so much that I wrote down the name and looked it up. It is small, yet powerful, and not quite as noisy as my previous, powerful dryer. Not disappointed so far.
Glad I bought it. Perfect size with right amount of power.  I have very short hair and travel often, this is the perfect balance for power and size.
Enjoy the settings for heat and power Enjoy the settings for heat and power. Very sturdy. I have dropped it and the rubbery plastic is unscathed. It is a bit heavier than others, but it seems well-made
Four Stars Very good blow dryer for the price.  I would definitely recommend.
Functional and Practical I have a small bathroom and wanted to leave the little space I had on the vanity for other things.  This mounted easily on a wooden cabinet I had next to the vanity.  The dryer is small - not one of those fancy hairdresser models!  But for what I need it for it works just great.
Four Stars Works well, base is a little large compared to others I've had. Can't beat the cost.
Works as advertised Dries my fine curly hair quickly. Good price, too.
Love it! I made shea custard with this gel ( I got the recipe off of curly nikki forum), & my hair LOVED IT! I got great curl definition with none of the hardness that comes from using gel alone.
Professional quality at a reasonable price Like many people, I have been buying the very cheap hairdryers sold at consumer retail stores like KMart and Walmart. I assumed they were good enough but they never last very long. I finally decided to get a pro model. This hairdryer is what my hair stylist has so I decided to try it. I am sorry I waited so long to treat myself to such a nice experience. The quality of the air flow, the excellent sound and the overall feel is well worth the cost. I hope it will last many years.<br /><br />I do wish the diffuser had come with it. However I have one on order. Also I took off a star because I would like high heat on low fan to be just a little hotter.
Low to moderate heat Compact and conveniently portable.  Dryer is not very powerful, so the brush it pretty much useless for my hair.  Surprisingly this dryer is not even as powerful as my handheld blow dryer.  Bonnet works fine as long as you are satisfied with the low/moderate heat.
so far, so good This model is a little bigger than our older wall mount blow dryer.  I like the smaller size better, but needed to go with something that might last longer.  The on/off switch for this model is on the hanger (the wall mount) and not on the dryer itself.  I prefer the switch to be on the handle of the dryer.  Those details aside, the force and heat of the dryer is excellent for its size.  It dries my hair quickly.  I'm happy with this dryer.  Will have to wait to see what its longevity is.
Four Stars Good product, but cord is short.
Above Average Dryer! This dryer is actually and excellent value for what it is being sold for on Amazon (about $28).  The power and heat control is a good as units I have paid over $50 for.  The shape is good and it feels very comfortable in my hand.  I have fairly short hair so I don't need to use the attachments but they come in handy for those with long strands that need to isolate and concentrate the air.  The switches make the heat easy to adjust, making it good for drying a pet (I try to not use heat to dry my dog).  Overall a good unit.
Good Product This is a good hair dryer for the money - quick drying time but it's a bit heavy and kind of loud.  I bought it for travel but because of the weight, I wouldn't recommend it for that.  Home use is fine and it's compact because of the retractable cord and folding handle.  I have another Andis dryer and believe Andis makes a good product.
Works great - but I'm a bit nervous... I'm nervous because even though this hair dryer dried my hair faster (you should blot before using it though), better and softer than the typical one that I'd been using, other reviewers have mentioned their ones shutting off and overheating, and I'm wondering how long mine will last. But I'll buy another one, should mine act up.
Nice light hair dryer! This hair dryer is very light, quieter than some, but still pretty loud on high. I think the high fan setting is a bit fast for styling, but is good for drying hair quickly. The high / hot heat is hot! Overall I am satisfied with this dryer and would recommend it.<br /><br />It arrived when Amazon said that it would.
almost perfect i would have given this dryer 5 stars but the controls are on the handle. i find that as i'm holding and drying i keep hitting the speed and temp buttons and changing both the speed & temp. if they would have just moved the buttons up a bit, i wouldn't have to keep changing them back as i dry. otherwise, i have curly hair that i dry straight and this has enough speed to do it quickly.
Best hair dryer I've owned for the price This hair dryer dries fast and it is easy to use because it is lightweight. I carry the dryer in my gym bag, and even though it doesn't fold down, the light weight makes it so i don't mind. There are several settings, which are convenient too. I still have frizz after my hair is dry, but I use a flat iron to fix that.
Like the one I used as a kid There aren't a lot of hard hat hair dryers around any more. This one is not too expensive and gets the job done. My only complaint about it is the plastic smell which was overpowering the first few times I used it. I'm happy to say that did subside. Would buy again.
Turbo Dryer These were a VG price, so I bought 4 of them so that I could have one in each of my bathrooms for my guests...was tired of having to lend my dryer to family and friends staying overnight at my house.
Four Stars Does it job but too noisy
Great power This item is a little smaller than my last hair dryer, but the power makes up for any shortness in the top.  My hair dries in less time.
Seems to do its job! I'm using this as recommended in conjunction with the Acquarella nail polish. It works as a clear polish, as well.    The best thing about it is that it does not trigger contact dermatitis or cause nail pitting like the drug store stuff, so I'm excited about that!
Like This A Lot My old (Revlon) hair dryer went kaput, and I went to a local store and bought another Revlon to replace it.  Yikes!  While it did dry my very straight, fine hair quickly, the air flow was so strong that when I put my hair in velcro curlers, the Revlon hair dryer blew the curlers out of my hair!  So I went looking on my beloved Amazon to find a better hair dryer with lots of positive reviews, and ended up ordering this for about the same price I paid for the Revlon one.  This one is great--so much more substantial and quality feeling and noticeably quieter and less shrill sounding than the Revlon.<br /><br />My single complaint is that the toggle switches on the handle that control the air flow and heat settings are a little too easy to accidentally change when drying your hair.  But I still like this hair dryer a lot.
good for the proce Our last Andis lasted 3 1/2 years and I think that is pretty good for a much used hair dryer.  I love the wall mount and I even like the night light.  I highly recommend this dryer to anyone.
Sturdy, heavyweight hairdryer I like this hairdryer a lot. Even with the heaviness, which I associate with quality for some reason. It's a comfortable dryer and feels good in the hand without fatiguing it, despite the weight. In the past, I've had the problem of my long hair getting sucked into the dryer. I did not have that issue with this dryer. The one minor complaint I have is that the hot setting didn't feel as hot as I would have liked. The hot feels like more of a medium setting to me so it look a bit longer than I'm accustomed to to dry my hair. As far as the ceramic/ionic nature of the dryer, I'm not fully sure how this works with a blow dryer since it doesn't actually touch the hair like a flat iron or curling iron. The science has been lost on me.<br /><br />This comes with a spot dryer attachment and a diffuser attachment but I don't normally use those.<br /><br />Overall a great dryer.
Andis 30975/HD-10L 1600W Quiet Hangup Hair Dryer with Night Light I love this hairdryer, perfect size - the night light is perfect in the bathroom.  This is the second one I purchased.
nice bb cream i bought the 4 pack skin79 sampler and of all the 4 items there, this is the one that worked best for me.<br /><br />About me:  i am SE asian (about medium toned compared to most native SE Asians) with about NC30 skin minus the heavy yellow undertones.  i tan easily in summer and probably cannot use this product (maybe can if i have the right powder to put over it...will have to try)...though i would use it in winter/fall.  i have combo oily skin and rarely break out.  i am in my mid 30's.<br /><br />About this product:  This product oxidizes a bit when put on.  At first, it leaves somewhat of a greyish cast but i think this neutralizes yellowish asian undertones once product settles into skin.  Later skin79 gold adjusts a bit to my skin color though i think it is a tad light for me.  i think longevity is about 3-4 hours with primer so i put a finishing powder (drugstore brand) over it so it would last 6-8hrs?  Using a powder similar to your coloring will help make this skin79 product 'match up' to ur skin coloring (IF you are about nc30 or more).  I really think powdering is a must for this product.  Honestly, i have to have powder for this or it wont last long and coloring looks  a bit off.  It isnt drying, and u dont become 'oily' after several hours (not quite dewy but healthy moisturized skin).  You never feel u r wearing makeup with this on (even with primer + BB cream +powder).<br /><br />Compared to other products:  i feel it does 'brighten' the face a bit compared to the other skin79 sampler items.  I found oriental bb gold too oily at the end of day (though loved its initial dewiness),  pink one made my skin look dead and didnt last long and blemish diamond bb cream was too sparkly to use.  I have also used Sephora and laura merceir oil-less tinted moisturizer and found these too oily and 'dead-looking' respectively on my skin.  Laura mercier brand oxidized way too much for me and made me feel like i was wearing a fake mask at end of the day (i even tried 2-3 different shades!).  Christian dior TM broke me out as well as the other skin79 items esp. oriental bb gold.<br /><br />this is a good product to be honest...despite of the minor negatives above esp. not matching to skin color and lack of longetivity without use of powder.  I really think this works great with powder atop of it.<br /><br />if i get a chance will post comparable pics here in amazon.shades!).  Christian dior TM broke me out as well as the other skin79 items esp. oriental bb gold.    this is a good product to be honest...despite of the minor negatives above esp. not matching to skin color and lack of longetivity without use of powder.   I really think this works great with powder atop of it.       if i get a chance will post comparable pics here in amazon.
Pretty good hair dryer This hair dryer is pretty good for the price. I previously had a conair ceramic hair dryer with a retractable cord. It did a good job, but was heavy, and ultimately it was the retractable cord that caused the dryer to stop working. The Conair 256P is nice and light. I have curly hair and do not dry it completely, so I put the heat on the warm setting and the blower on high and it works great for me. It doesn't come with a diffuser, but I don't use one. It does however come with the vent attachment so you can direct the air flow. My son uses the dryer as well and likes it. The only complaint I would have is that it is noisy. Basically, it's light and does a great job and the price is right.
Very powerful dryer! However, it is a little heavier than my other hair dryers.  But it dries hair very quickly the different heat settings work nicely.  Dryer is comfortable to hold and is powerful/hot enough that I can hold it 6-8 inches from my head and it will still dry my hair effectively.  My only problem with the hair dryer is that it is somewhat too powerful to use the diffuser if I want to dry my naturally curly hair into curls.  Even on the low power setting, it blows my hair to hard and the curls go all over the place and don't form nicely.  If I want to have curly hair for the day, I use one of my other, less powerful dryers.  Works great for my straight hair days, though!
Very good lightweight ionic dryer I like the compact size and light weight of of this dryer. And my hair is noticeably smoother!<br />My only disappointment is that I thought there were more heat settings - the product description says 3 heat/air speeds. It is actually only 3 air speeds + a cool shot button.
Works great! Several months later, it is working great.  I'm not sure about &#34;ionic conditioning&#34; but it doesn't cause the split ends my old Conair did so something positive is happening
It does the job! Lightweight and effective.  I'd give five stars if the cord was retractable or had some easier mechanism to keep it tidy, but as a hair dryer it is a great deal for the price.  Thanks Conair!
Four Stars Recomendado,
but I like it. Not use yet, but I like it.
Four Stars works perfectly as described
Dog Approved Typical hair dryers are loud, not so with this Remington Silk Ceramic Dryer, and my sensitive eared golden retriever is the proof. He literally came running to get his head dried after his bath. So it's a pleasure for humans as well, with no piercing whine.<br /><br />This is my first ceramic styling tool, and I've found that my hair is silky without frizz and quickly dried every time, so ceramic really does make a difference. This is a sturdy, sleek dryer, with great heat, power, and cool blast button for setting your style.<br /><br />The only reason I didn't rank this dryer a 5 star, is because of the placement/design of the setting buttons. They are right where your fingers wrap around and hold on, and unfortunately my natural grip keeps changing the settings while drying. However, for the drying performance, it's worth the occasional inconvenience.
Hard to believe it could be so good I bought this dryer based on the user reviews and am very pleased. It has a lot of drying power. It's light. It's quiet. It's nicely balanced. It's not necessary to grip the handle to hold the dryer. It will balance in the crook of your left thumb, so your hand and arm won't get tired from holding it. I can't say for certain, since I don't have carpal tunnel syndrome, but this may be a great dryer for people who suffer from it since there's no need to clinch a fist to hold it. Though I was at first disappointed that I can't remove the screens to clean them (and will need to do it with the vacuum cleaner) I later decided that for price and performance, this is a pretty great dryer.
works great this dryer dries my hair in about half the time i used to (5 minutes instead of 10), and i am not drenched in sweat after using it. i use it with the diffuser (T3 83807 Tourmaline Diffuser II), on the high setting, and keep it very close to my head. it was pricey but it was a good buy.
My wife loves it. Relatively quite. Wish it had a retractable cord.
I don't care for the toggle switch that goes between ... I don't care for the toggle switch that goes between low and high.  It's right next to another one and is really flat, just hard to use.  Also, there is a big difference between low and high.  I wish there was something more in-between.
Good Hair Dryer I purchased this Hair Dryer for my wife and she likes it very much. She said it worke's as good as a more expensive one she had used. The on/off buttons on the handle are a small problem, they can be hit by accident.
small but powerful I was hoping it would be as quiet as the description (I have a dog that barks at blowdriers); but, no such luck. It's about as noisy as any of them, I guess. But it is small and powerful... I'd recommend it.
My hairdryer has more horsepower than your hairdryer... I did laugh at the target branding to the Male Population for this Mangroomer - I would like have been in the boardroom when that product concept was being reviewed.  I guess they felt this was an under-served market even though the total available market (tam) for men is probably much smaller than the women's market when considering that a) there are alot more bald men than women, b) alot of men barely comb there hair so they certainly don't blowdry it, and c) the wife's hairdryer is already sitting there if needed.  But, if you want a manly hairdryer then I guess this fits the bill.  It does have manly color - evokes feelings of a red Corvette.  It is substantial weight and feels good in the hands.  It appears to have extra horsepower to blow hair in a manly fashion and it has lots of speeds to fiddle with.  In my usage I actually found it to be a good hairdryer - it does the job blowing my short hair around any which way I chose.  But, since my wife has a hairdryer to be honest I don't quite have the bathroom real estate available to store two hairdryers.  Overall, I give it four stars.  A quality product but a bit high on the price/value when considering that there are other serviceable hairdryers that cost less.  Also in terms of necessity factor - for married guys not sure you want a second hairdryer in the bathroom.  But if I was a single guy with a red corvette and Fabio hair and I had to have a hairdryer in my bathroom then I guess this would be the one.
Four Stars worth the money
It is the right size, It is the right size, not to big for the bathroom and with a lot of power
BEST FOLDING HANDLE, RETRACTABLE CORD DRYER I USED ANOTHER BRAND FOR YEARS...AND I REPLACED THEM EVERY FEW MONTHS...NEVER HELD UP.  I HAVE LIMITED SPACE IN THE BATHROOM AND LOVE THE RETRACTABLE CORD AND FOLDING HANDLE STYLES FOR THAT REASON.  I DISCOVERED THIS ANDIS BRAND VERSION AT A HOTEL (FIVE STAR) AND SEARCHED IT OUT AND FOUND IT AT AMAZON.  I'M VERY HAPPY WITH IT ... IT HAS ALREADY OUTLASTED THE CONAIR VERSIONS...ONLY REASON I DIDN'T GIVE IT FIVE STARS IS FOR A CERAMIC IONIC DRYER...IT LEAVES HAIR QUITE FRIZZY!  IF YOU NEED THE COMPACTEDNESS OF THIS DRYER....IT'S THE BEST ONE AROUND.
Four Stars its fine
CLASS ACT Completely functional<br />Love it<br />small criticism<br />The plug-in cord should  be able to be shortened easily<br />Maybe toggle bolts to mount it would be better
Happy but wish it was a little stronger... We wanted one of these after staying in a hotel that had them. The one in the hotel blew a lot harder than this. Still I am pleased with the dryer and we even got a free upgrade. The box ours was in was labeled as this one, but what was inside was actually the ionizing version. Nice bonus, but not sure if it really helps. Still identical in specs.  One thing I had to do was take the back off and bend around most of the LED's used in the nightlight. I also colored the inside of the clear plastic with a sharpie. This was to reduce the brightness of the night light. It would have been handy for a hallway bathroom but was too bright for our bedroom. We love it after the modification.
Good product... So far so good. I like that there are multiple settings, high and heat are not necessarily on at the same time, you can adjust to many different settings. The cool blast button is also a great touch. Great product for the price!
Small, great hair dryer The Andis 33805 Micro Turbo 1600W Dual Voltage Hair Dryer is great for travel and everyday use, and is lightweight, powerful, small, packable, works great.  (I have three, oldest of which is 4 years old.)
Lightweight Considering the lower price this Conair Turbo Slyler does everything it claimed it could do. I used another brand before and wasn't happy with it.
Onei MK-II Air Ionique Hair Dryer Seems like a great top of the line hair dryer, well built. I would recommend to anyone, beats the department store models hands down.
does the trick! I use foam rollers to style my hair overnight; and sometimes they're not quite dry in the morning.  So I pop on the bonnet of this hair dryer and voila!  Half an hour later my hair is all dry!<br /><br />This product is pretty lightweight so it's easy to travel with, and it seems pretty well made.  I've used it about a dozen times without any problems.<br /><br />One thing I'll say though is that it's kind of hard to squish all the stuff back inside the carrying case ...
Great hair dryer I was skeptical when my hairstylist recommended I invest in a ceramic dryer, since I've generally avoided heat styling on my VERY bleached hair for fear of further damage. This dryer has won me over completely. It dries my hair quickly and leaves it soft - again, having chemically treated, porous hair means that some dryers have left my hair feeling crunchy and looking frizzy. Not so with Deep Brilliance! I think it's a great product at a reasonable price - $40 is a LOT cheaper than most professional quality ceramic models I've looked into. For someone with damaged hair needing TLC, this is awesome. I can actually use less styling products thanks to the smooth finish I get just from the dryer. I didn't find myself wanting more power, as some reviewers have mentioned, but this may be because my hair is porous and not terribly thick.  The only negatives I can think of would be that the styling attachments become quite hot very quickly (thus you have to be careful when removing them right after use), and perhaps for someone with very thick hair, 1300 watts won't cut it.
Great Quality Nice, sturdy good quality.  Haven't used it yet but plugged it in and waited a while for it to get hot but had to turn it off before it actually produced real heat.
Conair 225R Comfort Touch I have used it a few times and it works very well for the price. The cord could be a little longer however.
One of the better hair dryers I've found. It's not as quiet as some of the very high-end dryers, but it's still quieter than most.<br /><br />One of the things I like most about this dryer is the 3 position heat setting - you can get reasonably cold air without having to hold down a spring-loaded button (which gets kinda old)
It works! It works really good and makes my hair smooth, I recommend it! My hair has some waves and it makes it straight and doesn't smell like when I iron it.
Nice little hair dryer This little hair dryer is very light-weight, nice & small for traveling and just as nice for every day use. It is quite powerful for being so small but drys my hair in no time at all. I love the travel bag that comes with it.
I'd definitely recommend it! The hair dryer is soooo light and can dry my medium to heavy hair in about 5 minutes.  The only negative is that it is kind of large and difficult to store, but besides that, I'd definitely recommend it!
Works well, does not make my hair as fabulous as ionic dryer. I bought this after my Chi broke and I read the amazon reviews that recommended this dryer as very reliable.  Yes, it is reliable and it works well but I really prefer the ionic dryers as opposed to the high pressure for drying hair.  It dries quickly (like ionic)but does not leave my hair and smooth, soft and shiny as the Chi (did I mention that it broke after 6 months???).  So, I am keeping this for awhile but next time I get a gift card or am feeling like I want to treat myself, I might get an ionic dryer and give this one to my sister.
Good enough. I have  2 girls and me with long hair in my family. I find very helpful to use for different hairstyle actually with very long hair.<br />I gave only 4 stars because it is not the best quality but for the price is good enough!<br />Was a good buy, try it.
Powerful little travel buddy Straightforward,  not fancy, but powerful to handle my moisture soaked hair quickly. Worth the price and so far is sturdy and works beautifully. Lightweight so styling is easy and the dryer is easy to handle.
Four Stars Great for traveling.
Impressive Dryer I was looking for a new dryer and spent some time online doing my research.  This product was generally well-liked so I spent the extra money and purchased it.  I'm not sure it is as overwhelmingly better than all others (that's a tough claim), but I have to say that it is a pretty good product.  I have very thick color-treated blonde hair so I have to be careful not to damage it but yet I don't want it to take all day to dry.  This dryer allows me to dry my hair very quickly and without damage.  I really like the difuser too.  It is a bit heavy but that isn't a big deal since I don't take it on trips and my arm doesn't get too tired since it doesn't take too long to dry.  Overall, I rated four stars because although it isn't perfect, I do really like the performance of this dryer.
Four Stars good one and does the job
Have hair dryer will travel One of the greatest features is the retractable cord.  No more having to try to wrap cord for travel. Dryer is better than most hotel dryers.  It is a little heavy for a travel dryer.  However, I feel that the trade off for speed of drying is well worth it.
Farouk Deep Brilliance This is a nice dryer.  It dries hair in about half the time as others I have used.  It would have been really nice if it had come with a diffuser though.  I can't find a diffuser that fits this, so I have not gotten to use it on myself yet.  But it dries my nieces hair much faster than other dryers.
Nice for the price This hair dryer is pretty good for the price.  It has alot of options as far as speed and heat, plus has the turbo option and a cool shot.  It doesn't dry my hair faster unless I use the turbo option, even then it's not a big difference.  I still like the hair dryer though, it's easy to handle and does it's job.
Conair Full Size Hair Dryer Works great.  Easy to use.  Not too noisy.  Ample air flow.  Ionic is a recent buzzboard that proposes this technology reduces frizzies - I don't see a difference compared to old-school hair dryer.
Four Stars Solid performance right out of the box.
Compact and easy As a woman with long hair, I need a good hair dryer that is easy to move around my head. This one fills the bill! With a retractable cord it makes for eash storage. It also dries hair quickly and is easy to use with your styling brushes.
Lovely sleek design Very nice, sleek design.  I just got it, haven't used it yet but the design itself makes it one of the best ones out there, if not the best.  The only thing that it is missing: a folding handle.
good so far Only been in use for couple of months but wife is happy so far. Hope it lasts. more words ok
works nicely i like the color and it's worked great...love all the heat and power settings...so far so good with this blowdryer
Good value for the money I bought this blow dryer for my daughter. Funny enough, the only thing I can comment on is because I've only seen her use it to dry off her cat when she gave it a bath. I'm not saying  she hasn't used it herself. I just haven't heard anything from her about it?
and only use it on low (which seemed like medium to me) Yes it works in Ireland. Remember to change the voltage selector, and only use it on low (which seemed like medium to me).
Finally dry hair My current hair dyer was very old and did a horrible job of actually drying my hair. After much research I picked this one.  It was a little heavier then I thought it would be but otherwise I love it.  I have just longer then shoulder length hair that is fine but looks really thick. It is also very prone to the frizz.<br /><br />I do also use Bumble and Bumble Prep and Straight Blow dry which I am sure also helps.<br /><br />This dryer is fast and I like the cool shot button a lot.<br /><br />It is a little hard to slide the controls in place so I sometimes use a towel.<br /><br />Overall, I'm pretty happy with it.
I like it There is a big difference in my hair using an ionic/ceramic dryer. I would give this one 5 stars except for 1 thing. A blue light goes on when using the ions. Shouldn't be a big deal - however, it's right in your eyes as you dry.
It's Okay Just a small average hair dryer. So far it's worked every time! Wow!<br /> Actually it works nicely to dry my razor and occasionally my hair (yes, I'm a guy).
Close to Perfect Overall, I am extremely pleased with this hair dryer.       It did improve the texture of my hair. My hair is much shinier and healthier-looking than the results from my old dryer. The fly-away hairs are minimized, which is great news during a Wisconsin winter. It was not quite as heat-intensive as my previous hair dryer (also a Revlon product), which I'm guessing will also help the future health of my hair.       The buttons were a little stiff at first use, but I'm hoping they'll loosen up with more use.      This dryer was approximately the same weight as my previous dryer. It was slightly less noisy, but at a different pitch (it seemed a little higher pitched).       The only thing that prevents me from giving a five-star rating is that it seemed to take a little longer to dry my hair than with my previous dryer, which was the same wattage.       I chose this product over the Conair product because this had more options in the heat/air level settings.
great i took it to costa rica with my, easy to travel with, great and quick dryer! it managed to dry my hair in high humidity.
Love it I love having my hair dryer out of the way and on the wall.  Reviews said the night light went out in 2 weeks, but I have had mine for a few weeks and the night light is still going strong.  The only issue I have with this hairdryer is that it doesn't have a cool air setting.
Almost perfect hair dryer I have very thin fine hair and only use a hair dryer for spot drying on occasion. I had a great little travel dryer that worked great for years until it recently just died on me. In looking for a new dryer I found most were too big and bulky for me, as well as too powerful for my hair. This dryer had the lowest wattage I could find. While it's still a bit too powerful for me, it serves my purpose, as it is small and lightweight. The only improvement I would have made would have been to have a foldable handle.
Great! My last penlet died pretty quickly. This one seems a lot more solid and has been working great. I hope it lasts a long time. I don't want to have to be buying a new one every few months.
Nice dryer This is a very nice hair dryer that does the job well.  I have medium length hair and the dryer dried it quickly.  I hate to dry my hair, so that is a big plus factor for me.  It's comfortable to hold, not too heavy.  Controls are easy to use.  I didn't need the do anything fancy, so I used it as I do every other hair dryer.  The box says it's professional, used in salons.  Hair dressers could comment more on the differences between dryers.  I'm not too picky about it as long as it isn't uncomfortable to use and works well. This one is just fine for me.  I'd recommend.
Blows like a jet engine! Nice hair dryer, dual voltage comes in handy.
I decided I'd better be proactive about having a replacement for my current ... Not too long ago, I decided I'd better be proactive about having a replacement for my current dryer since I'm having to tap it on the sink to get it to &#34;click&#34; into the hot setting and start actually working.  I was surprised at the great reviews for such an inexpensive dryer, so I took a shot and bought it.<br /><br />This will remain in my drawer as a back up dryer.  It works well and is pretty quiet, but it just doesn't get hot enough or blow strongly enough to help me straighten my naturally curly but short hair.  My current dryer gets my hair pretty straight and then I use a straightening iron in spots.  I have to spend more time with the straightener with this blow dryer.<br /><br />If I were still wearing my hair longer and leaving it curly like I have in the past, I think this would be a 5 star dryer.  I would want a less-strong and hot air flow to prevent frizz.<br /><br />Still a good dryer and the price can't be beat!  I like having a back up dryer anyway--it is no fun when your hairdryer stops working suddenly and you've got to be somewhere!
Missing a button, but I didn't need it after all This drier is perfect for what I need.  I can now dry my hair in 10 minutes by just sitting there, instead of 40 minutes with a hand held drier.  It has a temperature control and a timer, but it does not have a switch to control the wind speed, as was listed in the description.  The speed control switch was even on the diagram that came packaged with it, but it was not on the drier.  Despite this, I am keeping the product and am very happy with the results I am getting.  One thing to note is that there is some assembly required for the stand, and there were no instructions included.  I managed to put it together just using the diagram, but if this is not your strong point, enlist help.
Conair Ceramic Turbo Siver Hair Dryer I received my Conair Hair Dryer and I love it. I had many other Conair dryer's in the past and i find this one is a sure bet. Those flexible ones just don't do the trick for me anymore. I like that it's sturdy and it blows really well.
Quality hairdryer. Great if you want a short, retractable cord, but definitely heavy This is the 2nd or 3rd Conair I've owned, and I've found them all to be durable, well-constructed appliances. This hairdryer--maybe even more than the previous model--leaves my hair especially smooth and sleek. It dries hair quickly, and the concentrator attachment really works well so that you can put the dryer right next to your brush. My two complaints are related to the retractable cord function: 1) The dryer is heavier than a usual dryer because of the cord reel, and 2) The cord is not very long, maybe only 3&#34;. Neither of these things may be a problem for you. If you specifically WANT a retractable cord, the extra weight is worth it, otherwise, it's just extra weight. And if you don't need a long cord, if your outlet is right next to your mirror for instance, the short cord is no big deal. But just keep these things in mind
Not bad I very much like the way my hair comes out with this hairdryer.  Less frizz and dries quickly.  The only thing I don't like is the heaviness of the dryer.  It is three times heavier than my last hair dryer and after a while my arm gets tired.  If light weight is important to you, don't buy this one.  Also, I thought the price was pretty good, but I have actually seen similar dryers cheaper at Costco.
erogomically convenient works as expected--however, perpetual nightlight is too bright, this was a replacement item, so hopefully it lasts longer than the previous one
Good for the price. I got this for my girlfriend. It works fine so far for the price. It's a bit bulky, I wish it folded up...but those don't seem to be as good without spending a lot more money.
Good Purchase but not SUPER quiet. I bought this hair dryer to replace one that is so loud, it's making me deaf.  On high setting, the 1069S is not quiet, but it is quieter than my previous one.  The low hum of the motor also make it more bearable.  More importantly, the high/hot setting does not produce the type of heat the can burn the scalp if left in one place too long.  Yet, it still dries my hair like my old one.  I'd give it a 5 star if it was quieter like it's advertized.
Good construction, air-flow, and price. Good air flow. Fairly quiet. Seems like good construction. Location of the buttons makes them easy to switch unintentionally. I think this is a winner at around twenty six bucks delivered.
Good quality, compact, wish it had separate speed & temperature controls The dryer is nicely  compact when it's folded. I like the retractable cord, which makes it even easier to store or travel with. My only complaint is that there's only one switch for &#34;Low, Medium, High&#34;. I would prefer if it had separate temperature and speed controls. I went with this rather than another compact dryer with those controls because of the good reviews. I can say that this is really well built.
Elchim Blow Dryer This product seems fine but I was a little concerned when I received it.  I bought it new' not used and paid the new price, however it looked like it had clearly been opened and some of the packaging was missing.  There were no instructions to explain the different settings and I don't know if there are any additional attachments.  I have a little concern about Discount Jungle.
works well Seems to be a good hair dryer. Easy to use, not too heavy. I've had it about a month, no complaints so far. Cord is long enough. And it is a pretty teal.
Calms the frizz... I was very interested in trying this dryer; it features all the current blow dryer buzzwords - tourmaline, titanium and ceramic - all or severely guaranteed to calm the frizz for people with hair like mine.    My hair is thick, with a wave, and it absolutely mushrooms after blowdrying or in high humidity. It takes forever to dry my hair, so naturally your weary arms tick up the heat factor to get it DRY already, and that in turn ups the frizz factor.    I must say, I was impressed. The dryer features several heat and style settings, so to give an honest portrayal of the results, I kept the heat on the equivalent settings as my usual blow dryer. Then, after a while when my arms would usually get tired, I increased the volume setting.    Unfortunately, with this blow dryer, I wasn't faking the exhaustion in my arms. This isn't the heaviest blow dryer I've ever used, but it's up there! If there was such a thing as getting muscled from using blow dryers, I'd be Ahnold already. I wasn't faking it when I reached the point in the blow drying when my arms were saying, Enough already!    The dryer is more than enough power to accomplish the job. What was interesting was after my hair was dry, it really WAS less frizzy than the same routine done with my usual blower dryer.    The second time I tried it, it was raining out and about a billion percent humidity, the perfect laboratory for determining if all the tourmaline/titanium/ceramic add-ons actually worked to keep hair smooth.    It kind of did. What I can say was my hair frizzed, but it frizzed LESS, and it was much shinier than I've ever seen my hair in humid weather. I guess that's an endorsement, but not enough of one where one might forgo a flat iron to flatten out the kinks.     The dryer comes with a diffuser, which I've always found to be WAY too much work and time (if your arms hurt with regular blow drying, you'll be crippled when you're done using a diffuser on thick hair!)    If you're in the market for a blow dryer, and you have a problem with the frizzes, you might want to give the Remington serious consideration. It did a nice job for me, but the gold standard - not having to use a flat iron - remains elusive, even with this dryer.
okay This dryer was not for me and amazon refunded my money immediately. This is a regular dryer. I have fine hair that gets frizzy and needs to dry quickly. I now know I need to stay with the professional models.
Powerful yet compact! This hair dryer is powerful. It dries hair much faster than my old trusty dryer. The swivel handle can be folded so that the whole thing can go into a small tote for travel or storage. Besides the standard high and low settings, it has a cool shot button to just dry hair without heat. It is very well built and has a very high quality feel to it. No wonder it is backed by a 4 year warranty!    Besides a tote bag, it comes with snap-on concentrator for special styling needs.    The metallic apple green color is just too hot. With its modern style setting look, it is just adorable. Love it!
Andis wall hangup hair dryer (30975 with nightlight So far this has been working well, it replaced a wall hangup dryer that I had for 15 years.  Hopefully this will last as long.  I have other Andis hairdryer products which I have been satisfied with..
Cool little hair dryer. I bought this hair dryer at a great price and I really like it. It has a lot of power and it folds easily for when I travel. Oh, and it's purple. :)
Nice dryer. The setting selection switch on the dryer ... Nice dryer. The setting selection switch on the dryer could be easier to minipulate but other than that, no complaints.
Great for my home bound mom ! Seems to be working great. My 86 year old mom can't get to the salon much any more so this works for her hair needs.
Four Stars I like it
I'm buying it... again. I purchased this dryer almost 2 years ago. Just yesterday the switch broke-- it was a very sad day. After trying out at least 5 other dryers, I found this to be BY FAR the best for the money. It is relatively quiet for the airflow it produces- no hi-pitched whine like some other models. And it is VERY POWERFUL! It is heavier than others, but I don't mind getting a little extra muscle tone. It doesn't have a shiny plastic finish and can withstand being dropped many times on a tile bathroom floor-- trust me.<br /><br />I have long, fine hair that will get unruly and curly against my wishes unless dried a certain way. The high blower setting with medium heat works great for me, plus I use the cold shot and a big roller brush to create volume. It is very versatile, with two blower settings and three heat settings.<br /><br />Wish the one I had would have lasted, but I'm not taking any chances with another dryer. This works as well as any $100 dryer as far as I'm concerned. Only gripes are 1) the switch breaking and 2) the cord is long (great) but it tends to get all twisted up on itself even though it was designed not to. For these reasons it fell just short of 5 stars<br /><br />**Update - November 2013**  Well, I bought it again. This one lasted for five and a half years! It bit the dust, and actually produced flames on it's way out! They may have originated from the switch mechanism. It was a quite spectacular, and quite frightening, way for it to go. Because of safety concerns, I will not be purchasing this hair dryer again.
Quite a nice dryer... I just purchased this and only used it once or so but I really like the way my hair feels after using it. It's a bit heavy and bulky (thus the one point off), but otherwise quite nice. I do recommend it, especially at the current price and shipping deal.
best hair dryer I love the hair dryer. Dries hair fast only thing I do not like is that the cord gets twisted and I have to fix it before I use it everyday.
I like this hair blower! I used this blower last year when I stayed at a Marriott Hotel.  I needed a new blower at that time and found it on Amazon.  It works fine and I have no complaints.
Four Stars Not too big and not too small! Does it's job well!
Four Stars Great blow dryer.
Great product. This is a great product, if it can be quieter and smaller. it will be an even better item for home users.
Works well Only 4 stars because it does not have a retractable cord.  Otherwise the product works as expected and does have an extra long cord.
Love this hair dryer...until it dies! This is my second T3 Featherweight hair dryer in 3 1/2 years, as the second one is a replacement for the first featherweight that stopped working.  I have always bought the cheap hair dryers at my local chain stores.  I had no idea what a difference a high quality hair dryer would make on my hair.  I have long hair (about to the middle my shoulder blades) and whenever I have to dry it I have to follow up with a straightening iron.  I am pleased to report that with the T3 Featherweight I no longer have to use my straightening iron.  My hair is straight, silky, and smooth to the touch...I was actually shocked the first time I dried my hair.  Not only did it look great but it took less time than normal (about 5 minutes less).  I do love that this hair dryer is so lightweight and quite.    My one and only complaint is that the T3 Featherweight hair dryer works for about 1 1/2 years before it shorts out.  It has happened twice with two different featherweight dryers.  With the featherweight costing me $200 you would think that it would last longer! Unfortunately my replacement T3 Featherweight hair dryer died yesterday (and it's no longer under warranty), so I bought a different professional brand hoping it will last longer. Sorry T3, I had to move on!!!    ALSO TO NOTE...when I received my first T3 Featherweight hair dryer in 2006 & the replacement one in 2008, the company (Bespoke Labs) had a 4 year warranty on their featherweight hair dryers.  Now I have noticed that Bespoke Labs has changed the warranty on this hair dryer to only 2 years!!!  Interesting!
excelent product this is an excellent product, and we also received excellent service.  We have a few items already from this company Andis, and are extremely happy with all of them.
Good product but slide buttons need to be raised for better on-off actions This is the first thing I bought on-line before.  After my hairdryer broke and visiting a couple of stores with no success to replace it, I decided to put my amazon prime account to use.  The hairdryer arrived on time. The pink was a little different from what I thought it would be, but still nice.  The retracting cord is great. No more wrapping the hairdryer cord around the unit. This is what sold me on this unit to begin with. My only problem with the unit is the slide buttons.  They are not raised, so it is harder to control the heat settings and also shut on and off.  Overall I am very happy with the unit. The price was great and the retractable cord overrides any button issues.  If you order this, you will be very pleased!! Another plus, it is not as large as you would think it would be, so it will be great for traveling. YOU GO AMAZON!
MY BEST PURCHASE!! This is absolutely the best thing I've ever brought on Amazon and I've brought a lot of stuff. The only reason why I gave it 3 stars is because it takes a little longer to dry my hair than the salon but I will take that extra 30 mins saving $60 a week going to the salon. I have Malaysian hair sew in, I usually go to the salon every week for a roller wrap or some wand curls but I will never ever go back to the salon again unless I'm going for a sew in. My curls come out so bouncy and pretty. I look like I just stepped out of a salon. The dryer was easy to assemble and it's better being in the comfort of my own home
Seems to dry her hair fast (way faster than the one we replaced) and all the various settings makes it great for other uses (lik My wife really loves this hair dryer. Seems to dry her hair fast (way faster than the one we replaced) and all the various settings makes it great for other uses (like spot drying clothes, drying off the kid, etc.).
good product my wife likes the ion and we both like the power. seems to have all the gizmos. deduct one star for fussy buttons, but seems to be well made
Ver nice product This dryer works well and was very easy to install. directions were very clear and it is now anchored firmly on the wall. turns off automatically when dryer is put back in holder. This is a nice feature. All in all, very nice product.
Watch that cord! The dryer worked great. Heavier than I'm used to.  I followed the directions when retracting the cord the first time:(to hold the plug end in one hand and push the retraction button with the other), but the button wouldn't press down easily, so I let go of the plug end to use 2 fingers to press the button (and cautiously turned my head away just in case).  But the plug end whipped around and clobbered me in the face anyways, so watch that feature.
Four Stars OK
Four Stars great dryer, but on off switch is difficult for arthritic fingers!
Good Hair Dryer with some Minor Flaws This is a good little basic hair dryer.  I don't do anything fancy with my hair and it suits my purposes great.  I have short, curly hair that I straighten and this blow dryer does a nice job of straightening when I have the attachment on.  Also, if I decide to leave my hair curly I can take the attachment off and do the whole scrunch thing and my hair looks great.  It is definitely worth what I paid for it.  I have a small bathroom and I really like its compact size and that it folds up.  The hot dries really fast and I like the cold blast feature.    That said, the high/low/on/off switch drives me insane.  If my hands are a little bit wet (which given that I'm drying wet hair they often are) I have a hard time getting a grip on the switch with my thumb and getting it turned off and on.  Also, it seems like the nozzle doesn't attach 100% (maybe about 95%) so it just falls off sometimes while I'm drying my hair.  By this time the nozzle is really hot so I have to wait for it to cool before I can put it back on to finish drying my hair.    But for what I paid for it, it is definitely worth it.
Works fine and the nightlight is nice. We used this in a commercial setting and so far it is working great.  I like that is has the nightlight built in.
A worthy purchase This product was a worthy buy, it is inexpensive and not heavy duty. Great for everyday use and it's light weight makes it easy to pack for travelling.
Conair 207UR Got this for my wife. She really likes it, it is powerful, not too heavy, had great attachments for directing the air just where and how hot she wants it. Her only complaint is the control is done with a slide on the handle. She has a problem with hand strength and she has to struggle a bit to move the slide. Average person would probably not have an issue with this.
GREAT BLOW DRYER THIS IS A GREAT BLOW DRYER FOR THE PRICE ALTHOUGH I WOULD LIKE IT IF THE CORD WAS A BIT LONGER.
Great This one seems to work great. However, I do think the level of the wind is a little bit wired.
Fit my wall and works! I had a previous version of this hair dryer that lasted several years, then shut off and sparked twice to die! This slid onto the attachment I had on my wall, so it was a seamless transition.  It is very loud, hence the start deduction, but I have fine hair that dries quickly, so don't have to hear it for very long. Does the job just fine.
Smells horrible! I have had this for about 2 years. I have to say, it was good for the price. It dries my thick shoulder length hair in about 12 minutes (on a good day). The only downsides I have are it gives my hair a really awkward texture, like too fluffy, and it smells HORRIBLE. I don't know why, because I've cleaned the fan and everything, but it smells like burning hair all the time. I would recommend this product, though.
Good Not as hot as the dryer it replaced, but I adapted.  The retractable cord is a wonderful feature.
Great Value! I like the design of the Jerdon Wall Mount Hair Dryer. It's compact and easy to install on the wall. The double buttons make it easy to use, too. The cons? The dryer doesn't have a cool setting, only high, med, and low, plus the electrical cord is very short and you must install it very close to the outlet.
Seems like a decent product I bought this blow dryer about a month ago, and it works really well. It heats up, had good air pressure, and the cool setting works well also. The only complaint I have is the retractable cord. The button is a bit touchy--it only works if you push on one part of it. It is also a bit difficult for me to squeeze hard enough with one hand. The cord itself is a decent length, but it is easy to pull it past the red tape that warns you not to pull any further.
Four Stars Works great.
died early This is a good dryer while it lasts.  Quiet, good heat, not too heavy. But I have owned it less than six months and yesterday it stopped producing heat, just blew cold air.<br /><br />Update:  I just called Remington.  They warranty the product for three years and are sending me a new dryer.  No hassle.
Nice functionality, but not really quiet or light This hair dryer works reasonably well, but I beg to differ with a couple of the comments made by other reviewers of this model. First, this is NOT a particularly quiet hair dryer. Having been used to really quiet dryers in Europe, where the EU sets noise standards on such appliances, I have constantly been frustrated by the obnoxious noise levels of hair dryers here in the U.S. So, as American blow dryers go, this one is pretty good, especially on the SET setting, but it's certainly NOT exceptionally quiet. Nor is it lighter in weight than the dryer I currently have. So buy it for the functionality, but not for the sound level or the weight. However, one big advantage is that this dryer has a normal size plug, rather than the ginormous ones with the pop-out breaker that are common on other products sold in the U.S. Our bathroom outlets already have the pop-out breakers so we don't need them on appliances used in the bathroom, so not having to accommodate the giant plug is a big plus.
Nice dryer! Most of the B&B's we stayed in during our 3 week European trip had hairdryers in the bathrooms (and these were in small towns).  However, I did use this hairdryer several times and really liked it.
Great purchase! This little hair dryer packs a punch! It's surprisingly strong for it's size.  Great purchase!
It does a good quick job of drying your hair If you want it to de-frizz and smooth your hair and straighten it then it is a 5 star purchase.
Worked great in US and will also use in Europe.  Great size for carry-on bag. Packed easily in my one carry-on bag for flight to MA.  Was strong enough to blow dry my hair straight just as my larger home dryer does.  (Might have taken a few more minutes but perfectly satisfactory).  It will work when I fly to Europe also, which is very helpful.  Seems as reliable as my previous Conairs--have always liked this brand.
does the job quickly great product and at a great price.....just the type of product I seek out. The andis dryer is light and comfortable to hold...and easy to use.
Works good, could use stronger output on low speed Works good.  Doesn't seem to have the output force on low speed that my previous hairdryer had (wattage is the same).  Seems to get the warmest heat it needs to be on high.  I prefer a low speed with high heat.
Kinda retractable Cord does not completely retract as I originally thought; it still hangs out of the dryer by about a foot. but it still works great!
Four Stars Good merchandise for the price. A++
Just the right size. For the price, this is a great little hairdryer.  Folds nicely.  Wish it had a retractable cord, though.
Works great unless you get hair caught in it I really loved this hair dryer for a long time; it worked just fine, and was a good price.<br /><br />Then one day my mother-in-law got her hair caught in it (how does one do that, anyway?) and now it only seems to work at half power, and can get really hot really easily.  I suppose it would only be an expensive hair dryer (if any) which could take preventative measures in their system to more effectively deal with that sort of thing if it were to happen.<br /><br />Even so I'm satisfied with it and might buy a new one for myself, and pass off the old one to my mother-in-law.
As Advertised Plus Awesome Settings This is a really great hair dryer for the price. It's sturdy and the settings are awesome. I don't like to use a ton of heat when blow drying, so the medium/warm setting is perfect. The best part is the low/cool setting is actually cool! Most dryers are just warm. On top of that you can hit the cold button for extra. Love that. The air itself is pretty powerful, and it dries my hair pretty quickly (I have thick hair).    The only reasons I gave it 4 stars and not 5: the cord is a LITTLE short (but fine for in front of the mirror); it is SLIGHTLY heavy (but definitely sturdy), and I am used to hair dryers that can fold up (but I knew it didn't before I bought it).    I actually liked it so much that I bought one for a friend, too.
Great but not included everything This product works great, tried many different hair removal techniques and this one being one of the best I found.  Only complaints I have for this item is that i only received the four larger discs and not any of the smaller discs.
but I liked how it handled and it did a good job So far used only one time, but I liked how it handled and it did a good job.
A Little Heavy My new Conair 1875-Watt Pro Style Hair Dryer works just fine, but my previous one (same brand and same wattage) was much lighter to hold. I'm getting used to it but was hoping when I ordered it that it would be exactly like the one I had, since it lasted for years.
My hair dryer It drys my hair quickly and isn't too large or heavy to use. I wish it had a hanging loop on th handle , and it is a little on the noisy side
Small & light weight I ordered this because it had 1200 watts instead of 1800.  I wanted to dry my hair as I styled it and the 1800 watt dryers blow my hair too much.  The only problem I have with it is that when you reduce the blower volume, you also reduce the heat, so it takes longer to dry my hair.  I still like it and use it regularly.  Mine did not include a concentrator, but I did not ask about it because I don't use it anyway.
A Great Buy I had to have one for my natural hair style, and it doesn't disappoint
I loved this blow dryer I loved this blow dryer.. :( but mine just died. I had it for almost 4 years, so it was probably worth the price, but.. i think i'd rather get a new one that lasts longer.
Four Stars Good price
Broke but was replaced by manufacturer A month ago I reviewed this product with the title, A piece of crap (see below review).  After this review I decided to contact the Remington online customer service and sent them a message with my complaint.  Shortly thereafter I received an email from them asking me to return the broken one and they would send a replacement.  They sent the shipping box and the label as well and within 10 days I had a new dryer that I have been using since with no problems.  Granted it has only been a month but I was very impressed with Remington.  I just hope that no one there was injured when testing the dryer (lol)... it really did blow flames.  Obviously there was a short which could happen with any electrical product but it was the way that the company responded that I had to give the rating of 4 stars when previously I only give it 1.  I really do like this dryer and how my hair looks and feels afterwards which is very different from other dryers that are no ionic.  Plus it dries my hair super fast without drying it out.<br /><br />PREVIOUS REVIEW:  Bought this dryer 4 months ago even though I read the bad reviews as well as the good ones and was concerned but figured it was a good brand name. i only use a hair dryer at most 2x/wk. Last night I was using the dryer on my wet hair and flames and sparks started shooting out of it!!! Thank God my hair was wet and didn't have any flammable product in it. I showed it to my boyfriend who suggested that I contact consumer affairs for Remington, which I just did. Since it has been over 30 days I can no longer return the appliance to Amazon. I have had many hair dryers and most of the time they have just worn out after a year or 2 but this was just scary.<br /><br />1/18/13 - Almost 1 year later... and still working perfectly.  In fact, I bought another dryer in the interim, waiting for the new Remington and paid a pretty penny for the new one.  I used both multiple times, trading off one for the other. I found that I prefer the Remington over the other more expensive name brand dryer. The Remington does not leave my hair fly away and seems to give it a nice sheen (is that possible?). It drys my hair better and more evenly.mington over the other more expensive name brand dryer. The Remington does not leave my hair fly away and seems to give it a nice sheen (is that possible?). It drys my hair better and more evenly.
Great hair dryer for the price! This dryer works well. I think the temps are perfect for my hair (very fine). My spouse thinks it's not quite hot enough (thick hair). I love the different fan settings on inner handle. The cool button does not change the fan speed, only the temp. I have had this for a few months now, and it really does a nice job.
Andis 33295 Review Easy to mount on the wall.  That helps to free up counter space.  It drys very well and isn't too noisey. However the over heating sensor in the hand held part is overly active.  When drying my hair if I hold it close to my head it will shut off and you have to wait for it to cool down before it will let you reset it.
Worked great in China and Hong Kong None available.
Great little hair dryer Arrived right on time, performs very well, is quieter than expected and is compact for traveling
Love it I have this lipstick in rose brown and I love it...such a subtle and pretty color. I wish the staying power of this product was a bit better, but other than that, I can't complain.
Retractable Cord Having the power cord being able to retract is an awesome feature. No more messy cords to deal with, hence easy storage.
Good for teens and people with long hair I like it. It looks cool attached to my bathroom mirror.  I can round brush my hair much, much easier, leaving my coif full and shiny!
Works great and looks great, can't complain I needed to replace my conair wall mount hair dryer since the tab that helps hold the dryer on the wall broke off.  So fortunately I found this beauty which matches nicely with my black and oil-rubbed bronze fixtures in my bathroom.  I like the LED light also as it makes the bathroom feel very modern.
satisfies This dryer works well for drying my hair type.  It adjusts perfectly when sitting and it stores very nicely away
Andis 30975/HD-10L 1600W Quiet Hangup Hair Dryer with Night Light It's fairly compact and not very noisy. I would have liked a bit more air volume, but it's ok in that respect. The night light was too bright so I disabled it. If it lasts as long as my previous Andis, which was 18 years, I'll be well satisfied.
Great travel dryer I bought this to replace an older model of the same. Not as good as my older one but a great little dryer nonetheless.
Good product, but heavy The product is really good, the hair becomes shine and soft. The only problem (which is a big one for me, since I have a lot of hair) is that it is heavier  than I exoected and I get really tired when I dry all my hair.
nice there was a comb that fit my texture of hair perfectly. the only thing is that this baby gets HOT!
A possible keeper have not use this product as of  to date but the delivery was on time and the packaging is just as pictured, no visual defects or scratches.
Nice dryer Light and easy to use.  I'm really glad I chose this dryer.
Bombshell I've been tanning off & on for a looong time now. I stopped for awhile then got back into it just recently over this past summer. I started with Australian Golds Cheeky brown which was alright for starters. Then moved on up to Australian Golds Wicked. Stuck with that one for about 2 months but was longing to get more out of my tanning session. So I read the mixed reviews about Bombshell here. Some people loved it some didn't (shrugs). Now me personally, I love tingling lotions. And not only did this one have a kewl name and 100xx, which was WAAY more then I'd ever used. But it has a foxy lil 1950s pin up girl on the label. :D So I ordered it, it arrived rather quick. It only tingled  like, 3 times when first using it.  The smell is awesome. I didn't feel like I needed to run home and take a shower after applying it. All in all, if you like that tingle factor. And are looking to get a better more dark color. I totally recommend this lotion. ^_^
It fits wall-mounted hair dryer is a space-saver in the small bathroom. And for a condo that is also a vacation rental, this works very well. We won't know how well it holds up over time until we get &#34;over time&#34;. But for now -- looks good, sounds good, dries well.
Too weak for my thick hair We have long thick hair in this family, and it's way too weak to do the job without taking forever. So,  I ordered the  Babyliss Pro Hair Dryer Ceramix Xtreme Pink Edition - BABBPK2000, and it dries our hair in 2 or 3 minutes completely.  We'll put this one in our travel bag and use it when we travel.  It would be fine for someone with short hair, or thin hair that doesn't take too much time to dry.  It's nice and quiet, too.
braun shaver Great shaver but all the shavings fall out and little stays in the shaving head area.
Good bang for your buck Happy with my new hair dryer.  Just a minor issue....<br /><br />Pros: lightweight, durable (I have 2 teenagers that bang this thing around)<br />Cons: the attachment started to pop if you bumped it...however, I just bought some black electrical tape from Dollar Tree and taped the attachment on (we use it all the time) and haven't had any issues since.
Great dryer Great dryer - does its job - no complaints..<br />weight and feel are great - so no issues.<br />the rotating handle is a little strange, but it is a nice feature when it does need to be folded & stashed away.
I like it works well, priced right, but the attachment bracket almost makes it is &#34;permanent&#34; attachment to your wall.  Try to remove it and something will break.
it's working fine so far Have only used it twice but is doing the job.  It is definitely not like the ones they used to build before.  The old styles were more sturdy and strong.  Bought this for my mom who had a Westinghouse model that had been with her for over 30 years and now is when it broke.  But for the price it is all worth it.  I like the fact that you can fold it and close it.
Like it but.... Yea I can agree with everyone's review about how it is heavier than most dryers. It is also much louder too. Compared to my old dryer, it sounds like somebody's going through my house with damn leaf blower. They should have 3 speeds on that thing because it doesn't just sound like a leaf blower, it feels like one too. The low on this dryer is my old dryers high. It does do the job when it comes to getting your hair dry fast though! : )
Bonnet too tight, otherwise, excellent. Bonnet too tight, otherwise, excellent. The bonnet has an adjustable elastic, but it is so tight that there is no way that one would adjust it even further. It hurt my forehead, because it was so tight. What I did was cut the elastic, and then just set the bonnet on my head loosely, and it works perfectly. Nice steady hot and warm options. and high and low. So, had the bonnet not been an issue, I woudl have given this 5 stars. Must have been tiny, tiny heads when they designed it!
POWERFUL This dryer is soooo powerful and dries hair very quickly, which is the point, i understand.  My only complaint is that its so powerful that the little attachment tools get blown off very easily and i find that very frustrating.  Im learning to dry my hair w/o the benefit of those little diffusers.  Not so bad but for the money they should have them screw on instead of just popping on so that they wouldn't blow away like they do.
Extra This is just a regular hairdryer ordered as a second dryer to have on hand in case I need it
Good product! Product showed up on time and close to previous conair product I used. Met all expectations and was very happy.
Great for getting tamed naturally curly hair Works  great for curling my hair with the diffuser. Other blow dryers make my hair frizzy, but this one does not.
I Love This Hairdryer This is a HAIRDRYER!  It does not get too hot on the hot setting bit it dries my hair in five minutes.  My old dryer used to take 20 minutes.
Great value for money I'm very pleased with this purchase for the price.  The hairdryer is powerful and heats up quickly and the concentrator nozzle is just the right size for drying your hair with a barrel brush.  I also like the look and feel of it - the coating on the handle makes it easy to grip.  The only con is a very minor one (and why I rate this as 4 stars) is that it's a little heavier than previous hairdryers which I've owned but this wouldn't put me off purchasing this model again.
Great blower! Love this blower, it works great. It doesn't have the button issue for me like other reviewers said. I would recommend it.
Makes a big difference This is a great hair dryer.  I blow my curly hair straight and then flat iron it smooth.  My old cheapo dryers would create a mushroom-shaped pouf on my head, which, in turn, would take forever to flat iron out.  This dryer makes my hair noticeably smoother (and much less freaky!) and cuts my time with the flat iron in half!  I did give it four stars instead of five because it is slightly on the heavy side, but not so heavy that I would return it.  I would purchase it again.  Maybe it will help me work on the muscle tone in my arms :)
Good Hair Dryer The hair dryer has worked really well, my only complaint is that the cord is quite a bit shorter than my last one. I would give this product five stars if the cord was longer.
Good choice This is a good hair dryer. It worked properly in europe. It is compact and light weight to carry. I would definitely recommend it.
Works great, even with traveling a lot it still isn't ... Works great, even with traveling a lot it still isn't too bulky. We'll see how long it lasts but does the trick.
Good for the money This dryer works very well. It takes a minute to warm up on medium heat. On low heat it feels like nothing's happening unless you start on medium. I like how it covers my whole head, but if i want to get under it or out i have to kinda limbo into it since the hood doesn't easily go back. It also has a weird smell...not too bad. I would recommend this to anyone not using big rollers or give this as a gift
Oster Hair Dryer works well, was a direct replacement for old unit, so it was very easy to reinstall, handy to use from wall mount
It works Less heat and more blow would be better
Good Buy This is the second Conair Silver Bird Hair Dryer that I have purchased.  I like it very much, except that its a bit heavy.  It works great and is powerful enough to dry any hair type.
Not Very Strong, But It's Cute This is not the best hair dryer out there. I know you could get better ones for the same price that will dry your hair very quickly, but I mainly bought it for the way it looks. I love the retro style and it goes well with my taste. It's an all right product, and I don't have such unmanageable hair to need anything more high-tech. It fits my purposes just fine.
Plenty of power! Just wish the tube was longer. If your hair is too near the air intake, it sucks it in. Otherwise very good product.
Similar to Chi pro low emf blow dryer I bought a Chi Ion, Low EMF blow dryer in 2005 when another one of my cheap blow dryers broke.. I was fed up having cheap blow dryers that never lasted. I loved the blow dryer, it lasted me till a month ago. Guess the $110 I paid for it back then was worth the 6 years I got out of it. I was looking at buying the same one or at least a Chi blow dryer again, I just didn't want to spend the same amount of money, I was hoping to stay under $60. I did a bunch of research and saw that this blow dryer, T3 Featherweight, was on the list of best blow dryers the last few years and saw the price was close to what I wanted to pay and $30 cheaper than the Chi I had before. I also saw that it said it was a fast drying blow dryer like my old Chi, which I prefer since I have a ton of hair. After using it for over a week. I think it works pretty good.. not much difference from my Chi I had. It's lighter than my chi and it's made of some kind of plastic like material. It also looks solid white and black in the picture, but it's actually got some kind of silver pattern going on over the white which I'm not thrilled with, but it's not the reason I bought the blow dryer so I'll get over it. Seems to take about the same amount of time to blow dry my hair as the chi, maybe a little faster. I usually take about 8-15 minutes to blow dry my hair depending on how detailed i get with it, like I said I have a ton of hair. (thick Mid-back length hair)<br /><br />Why I give this a 4 instead of a 5, I prefer my Chi a little more, maybe it's the solid feel of it. I think it's maybe the material, it feels too light.<br /><br />The biggest test is going to be to see how long it last. If it makes it 5 years + then I will be happy with it.
I love this hair dryer I love this hair dryer; the available speeds and temperatures are perfect and it's the most quiet hair dryer I've ever owned.  The only drawback for me is the placement of the on-off switch; it's located at the very bottom of the handle so I have to use two hands to turn it on or off.  A better design would be to reverse the placement of the buttons so it could be turned on/off easily with my thumb; currently, the speed/temperature button is easily reached with my thumb, but I don't change that very often.  That is the only reason I didn't give it five stars.  Nevertheless, I still highly recommend it and would buy it again.
TINY! Not the same size as the usual ones ... TINY! Not the same size as the usual ones this style so keep that in mind. Other than that, it still works well. It is a bit louder than more pricey hair dryers. Has a distinct rattle sound. I bought this for my mother who doesn't have that much hair. I have a thick mane of it and it works but takes too long. Not the best for styling.
good drier for the price For the price this is a good drier. It did get a little heavy while I was drying my hair. But I did think my hair looked shinier after. I would not call it professional quality by any means. I would say it is worth it if you're just looking for a good cheap hair dryer.
MOSTLY OK I purchased this dryer to replace one that had fewer watts and it did not have a cold function on it.  I think it does a great job, and the cold function is very nice.  It is not as loud as my old one (which was like a 747 landing in the bathroom).  The only problem that I have with it is that it is hard to turn on and off with one finger.  It might just be me but, if a person had arthritis or RA, this would not be the dryer for them.
Four Stars Works find, just hope it lasts longer than my previous hair dryer!
Four Stars Great space saving idea.
Four Stars Dries my hair quicker than my older one.  A little heavy though
Works very well. I just wish it had a ... Works very well. I just wish it had a simple on-off switch in addition to a multi-function slide switch. Just a small quibble.
Four Stars It works great and I haven't had any issues at all.
Four years old and still going I have to admit that this has been used as a spare dryer for the past year, but it is still used twice a month at least. It saw heavy use with waist length hair the three years prior. Even though it now costs almost half of what I paid for it, I still think it is a decent value. My Rusk 1900 watt ceramic dryer blows this dryer away, but it isn't fair to compare an $80 dryer to something that now costs $15. The amount of heat is pretty good and it gets my hair dry in an acceptable amount of time. The cold air button is really more of a less hot air than actual cold air, but I really don't have a use for cold air, anyway. After all these years, the cord is starting to bend oddly right at the plug, so I don't think it has a lot of life in it left unless I find a way to replace the cord. But I still think I got my money's worth.
Four Stars Excellent Hair dryer - powerful blower with max heat....
This is a really good dryer. I have had it for five months This is a really good dryer. I have had it for five months, and it works well. I wish it was higher powered, but I wouldn't return it!
This is a good quality lower priced hairdryer This is a good quality lower priced hairdryer. If you want better than your average conair at Target, this is it. Definitely a step up. However, I have since moved up to the Babyliss dryers in the $50-$60 range, and have to say...huge difference and I will never go back! They are amazing. But if you are limited by this price, it is a great dryer.
Better than the Rusk Speed Freak!!! This is a great dryer for this price range!! I owned one that died (didn't know about the 3 yr warranty, so I tossed it. Bummer!) and bought a Rusk Speed Freak (retail $120) after several of my friends raved about it.  However, after only a week of using that one - I've returned it and ordered another one of these. This is BETTER than teh Speed Freak and only costs a fraction of the price!
overall good product Pros: good quality, comfortable to hold in hand.   Cons: the plug is bulky (seems to be true for all hair dryers though) and the switch is a little difficult to operate.
Nice Product This is the second one we have ordered, product works great, easy install and very powerful, last one was left on and clipped into the holder, it melted the holder enought so it would not stay in. Have had the first one about 4 years with no problems, use almost every day and still works well. Keeps the bathroom counter and cabinet free.
Great blow dryer The only reason I can see for this being called a Mangroomer is the colors obviously and the shorter cord than say regular hair dryers.  I nice strong motor and many settings to please nearly everyone.  I would recommend it to a friend, if men talked about such things . LOL
The dryer works great. The only reason for not 5 stars is ... The dryer works great.  The only reason for not 5 stars is the cord retraction.  It sometimes takes three times to get the cord to retract fully.
So far I am happy with the product Arrived before promised.  So far I am happy with the product.
Big Blower Tried this hair dryer in a high class hotel.  Loved the power of the blower.  For some reason the blowers on name brand hair dryers I have gotten in the past are weak and it takes longer than it should to dry my hair.  Inspite of its smaller size, it packs a lot of punch.    And the folding and retractable cord feature is a nice added bonus.      The only complaint would be the location of the release button for the retractable cord.  It's in an awkward loaction on the body of the dryer but I suppose that couldn't be helped.  In any event, its a very minor complaint.    If you are in the market, I would highly recommend this hair dryer.
Four Stars exelente.
Replaced another one like it We had one of these before and like it. This one is basically the same. It does have a funny sound to it that I don't think is normal which has me a little worried, but it still works fine I think.
Perfect! I had been looking for a small and powerful hair dryer that would do the job and I could put away with out taking to much room.  In this Conair Bonnet Hair Dryer I found it. It's small, sleek and powerful.  Love this Hair dryer and been using for 3 month and had no problem with it. Plus could not beat the great price I got it here!
tangle teaser I like the tangle teaser brush.  It does detangle hair more gently than a comb or denman brush.  I dont feel like my hair is thoroughly brushed afterwards.  I think becasue the teeth give so easily..  I do  use it a lot though and would recommend it to be added to anyones grooming routine.  But I still feel as though another brush or comb would be needed to complete the grooming.
I was looking for a good option for my curly hair and found it I was looking for a good option for my curly hair and found it. Great product. Came in super fast
This works well and is easy to use This works well and is easy to use, the cord from the base to the drier could be a little longer
Must Have! Love this blow dryer.  I have naturally curly hair and it often gets frizzy after I blow dry it but I can see a difference when I used this hair dryer.  Not perfect but definitely better.  Someone mentioned how quiet it is and I absolutely agree.  The first time I used it my husband commented on how quiet that hair dryer was.  Great blow dryer.  Try it you will like it!
the product arrived on time and is just like the representation in the ad This product was easy to mount on the wall and works perfectly.  The temperature settings are easy to select and change.
Evolution Hair Dryer This is exactly what I expected and works very good. Worth the cost.
Better than the Big Girl Very powerful on High setting.  Needs a middle setting though.  Rocker switch very hard to move accurately from one setting to another, but maybe that will improve with use.  Shot of cool air feature is helpful and hair dries quickly with smooth finish.  I rarely use my full sized Chi dryer as the size, power and weight make this my go to dryer. That said, I haven't used this for international travel so cannot vouch for other features.  Overall a great value for the price!
LIght weight and easy to handle I am happy with this blowdryer overall. I like the smooth coating and the light weightiness that allows it easy handling.<br />A couple things that do bother me; the attachment comes off easily, I knock it off at least once during my blow dry session. I'm also not cool with the cool button, it is easy to press and I end up cooling my hair off when I don't mean to.
The Wife Likes It A very good value for the money.  The on/off switch is a little hard for arthritic hands to use, but not a deal breaker.  Dries my wifes curly hair very quickly.
Four Stars Bought for my girlfriend and she proclaims its the best she has ever owned.
Andis dryer Product dries hair quickly. Although larger and heavier than most folding dryer's,the price was good and so far the quality has been good also.
good hair dryer It works well...blows a lot of air and it is not too hot. It does sometimes pull my hair into it and then it emits a burning smell.  I like how light it is to hold as well.  I would recommend it.
Nice product Very nice product, but sometimes seems to actually get to hot. Also the cord is long which is nice however it seems to get tangled easily.
quick drying, easy on the ears This is a very good hair dryer, especially if you are less accustomed to professional dryers. If you like myself have been buying Conair or Revlon dryers since you were a teenager then you'll appreciate a step up from those. This dries my hair quickly without an intense level of heat. Better yet much less noise and a longer cord than my previous dryers. A solid purchase.
Its a decent hair dryer I picked this up to use on heatshrink wrap. It didn't work as I expected, but it does work well on drying hair.  The build quality is questionable at best, I feel like this should be a bit heavier, but its really light and I feel like I could break it if I held it any tighter.
Hair Dryer I take this hair dryer anytime I travel. It's small, but still has the drying capabilities of a 'normal' sized hair dryer. Purchased this through Amazon a few years ago and it's still working as good as the first time I used it.
Better than Conair, but really not that amazing I have thick, curly, coarse hair that frizzes horrendously.  I have to completely and forcefully dry it in order to tame it down.  I've bought dozens of blow dryers in my lifetime to battle my hair, most from the drugstore.  Despite having consistently mediocre-to-poor experiences with these cheapies, I stupidly found myself continuing to buy them.  I have no fewer than 4 unused Conairs relegated to the hall closet because they don't perform acceptably.  And that's in addition to the countless ones that I've thrown away when they broke.      So I finally decided to change tactics and buy a higher end model.  My hair stylist recommended the Elchim brand, as that's what they use in the salon I go to (Vidal Sassoon salon).  It's definitely a step up from the Conair, but there are some things I don't love about it.    Things I Like:  -Good, strong air flow  -Feels Solid - plastic feels strong and not flimsy.  I've only had it for a few weeks, so it remains to be seen how durable it is compared to the drugstore cheapies, but it feels like it won't break as quickly.  -Long cord so you can move around as needed  -3 settings each for air flow and heat    Things I Don't Like:  -Hottest setting is extremely hot.  I burned my finger by touching MY HAIR after drying a lock on the hottest setting!  Unfortunately, the medium setting isn't quite hot enough.  So I've been using the hottest setting and moving it around fast so it doesn't heat up one area long enough to fry my hair or my fingers.  It's tiring and I'm hoping it doesn't damage my hair long term.  -No cool shot.    Overall, seems like a step up from the cheap drugstore dryers because the air flow is much better and it feels more durable (we'll see if that proves true over time), but for some people it might not be worth paying twice as much.
Powerful little hair dryer but be aware the cord doesn't retract all the way Dave's wife:<br /><br />I was sick of my old 1875w hairdryer's cords always getting in the way in the cabinet so I ditched it for a folding model with a retractable cord.<br /><br />People said this dryer was loud, but I didn't find that to be true.<br /><br />It works very well and I'm happy with it, just be aware that the cord doesn't retract all the way, it only retracts to a certain point.<br /><br />Still, much better than what I had and it works great!
Does a Good Job I have had expensive blow dryers but after research on the web, I decided to try this one based on an article about the best blow dryers - at any price.  I do like it and think it does a great job on my hair (and I am etremely picky); however the downside is a short cord.  I have had to accomodate by drying my hair in the bath vs. my room.  The expensive ones have a much longer cord; however, I will get used to it eventually.
The Onei is just perfect! I really like that is has an ion ... 've been through three hair dryers in the past year. One of them broke after a short fall from my hand to the bathroom counter (seriously??), the second one always got too hot and stunk up my bathroom, even on the lowest hear setting (grrrr...) And then there was the Onei.<br /><br />The Onei is just perfect! I really like that is has an ion activation switch in the handle. When you turn on the dryer, you can hear it speed and warm up - there isn't that sudden blast of metal smelling heat like the cheaper dryers I've owned. I definitely recommend the Onei to anyone who wants a quality dryer.
Wish it had one higher setting Works well, no problems yet. But when it's on the highest setting it still feels like there should be some more power coming out of it.
cant beat it for the price. not 100% as powerful as my old hair dryer, but its so compact and gets the job done.  My hair feels a lot softer and not burnt, so the lower heat seems to be fine.  Ive only had it a month, so I cant say how long the cord retract works.  For $20, if it lasts a year its better than the competition.  I was looking at other hair dryers, and 10$ more, 20$ more-- didnt seem to be much of a difference.  Not until you go to $100+, and when your comparing a 100$ hair dryer to a 20$ one, the 20$ one is the hairdryer to go with.  Update: retractable cord doesn't always fully retract. Still works fine. I would have liked an easier to clean one but this works. I use my shop vac to demolish the lint in the rear fan. For the price it's still a good bargain.
i enjoy that the warm is enough to dry thick is holding up well, i enjoy that the warm is enough to dry thick hair
Liked it but it was broken I did like this product but it was missing pieces when I got it. I couldn't hang it up or keep it together. I am debating ordering another one because I really want to use it, just hope the next time it arrives complete. If it didn't have those missing pieces it would have worked well.
recommended! I got this for the wife. But have to say it's not noticeably lighter than the previous unit we had but it is very sharp looking. The controls are all conveniently placed with a plenty of speed and heat settings. The cord is of very good quality and pretty lengthy. I feel for the price it's a very good buy and would really recommend it.
BLUE SPARKS but best blow dryer ever I have had this for less than a month. I love it. But after the 2nd time I used it, it started sending BLUE SPARKS out! It is the best hair dryer ever, and I'm afraid to use it because it might explode or set my hair on fire. I know there is a warranty on it. I have just emailed Remington, but have not heard back yet. I would have given this 5 stars if it wasn't SPARKING IN MY HAND! Hopefully they will send me new one.
Decent Quality It replaced my old ConAir ionShine with retracting cord. I was able to buy those (the old ones) at the big W (you know where) for a reasonable price, but they would die about every 6 to 12 months. When the last one died, they didn't have any on the shelf (go figure). So I tried to find a replacement with this one.<br /><br />It's a shiny red color, but since it spends most of it's life in the cabinet under my sink, I don't think that's a big selling point. I like that this one has a retracting cord, and the fact that it doesn't fold in half like my old ones hasn't been a problem, so far. In fact, it's probably an engineering upgrade. I imagine the folding types break more easily.<br /><br />When I first started using it, it seemed to take a bit longer than average to dry my hair, but after a few uses, it seems to be &#34;broken in&#34; now. I like that it has cold, warm or hot options and low or high speeds. So, all in all, it does the job for a reasonable price and offers the retractable cord (which is a must for those of us who a bit OCD). Only gave it 4 stars because, well, it's not made of gold (which would probably melt from the heat anyway).
Four Stars Great dryer!
Good product, but not thrilled with the new version I purchased this blow dryer to replace one that had gone out on me...The dryer that was sent to me must be a new version of the same product...It is now a black/purple dryer versus the red one pictured.  Although I got a little excited when I opened the box (black and purple are my favorite colors,) once I turned on the dryer, I felt the difference.  It doesn't have as much power as my old dryer.  The &#34;turbo&#34; on the old one felt like I was in a wind storm, which is exactly what it takes to dry my long hair.  On the new version, there is hardly any &#34;blow&#34; on the regular setting, and the &#34;turbo&#34; setting only increases it a little.  My quest for a fast dry time blow dryer continues....
Works fine The wattage is great.  However, the heat and fan controls seem to be in the way  on  the handle.  I need to  &#34;choke up&#34; closer to the heating area so that I don't accidentally move the settings.
Great for my Natural hair Great for my Natural hair. Has proven to be sturdy & saves me a lot of time in the washing process.
Very Compact This item is great if you have a small bathroom like I do.  It hangs on the wall and is convenient. It doesn't have any features and only two speeds may be a drawback for some. But that is really all I need. It has no attachments but I just use my own brush to control my hair as I blow dry.
Compact to use for travel. it is a good dryer, for the size of it, it has good drying power. It is easy to pack for trips.
wife says its great product i felt compelled to write this review because my wife nagged me.  she says its a really good bra strap concealer.    i took 1 star off beacuse of the high price (in my mind, these should go for like $4.99).  comes in pack of 6. i took one for use with my PC's cable management.
drys thick hair super fast Perfect, drys my very thick and wavy hair super fast and for the first time ever I don't need a straightener afterwards to smooth it out.  I do wish it came with a diffuser though.
Small & compact, but Powerful Throughout extensive travels, I would find this model in better hotels & resorts and decided to get one for myself.  Really good, easy to control and direct to exact spots for drying and styling.  Doesn't have a &#34;Cool shot&#34; button, but I really don't miss it.
Best hair dryer I've ever owned! This is the best hair dryer I've ever owned. It dries my hair in 5 minutes compared to the 20+ minutes it use to take me (I have very long hair). The only reason I gave it 4 stars is due to the location of the settings button on the handle. When holding the hair dryer it is easy to acidentally change the settings but you get use to it.  Overall great hair dryer!!!!
This hairdryer is a steal! I shopped around to compare prices on this Conair hairdryer and this was a steal!.  It is pretty good and it is a tourmaline ceramic hairdryer with the standard attachments. There might be more efficient more powerful hairdryers out there but you will also pay at least 4 times this price.
Okay for the money, but doesn't last. Good, but ony lasted a year.  Didn't re-purchase, going back to Remington.
Convenient This is extremely easy to use.  The only flaw is that it blows harder on one side.  I have to clip the hair down.
Very Happy! I first used this blowdryer at a hotel and liked it so much I looked for it online. I was pleasantly surprised to find it so affordable! This blowdryer is light and dries my hair very fast. It cut my drying time by more than half compared with my former professional grade more expensive blowdryer. I timed it and dried my fine, wavy chin length hair straight in 4 minutes (I also used the Vidal Sassoon VS7963 Ionic Thermal All Purpose Brush). The retractable cord prevents cord tangles and extra cord weight. This blowdryer is easy to use and a great value for the price!<br /><br />Update: 11/25/12<br />Almost a year later, the blowdryer still works very well. Nothing broke and I enjoyed it all year. Today I took off one star, however, because the dryer doesn't come with enough options: no styling nozzle or difuser. The settings are also very basic. So I did buy a new blowdryer (from a different brand) for not much more money than ths one, in order to have more options such as two styling nozzles and options for 3 temperatures at different  blowing speeds. Still, I believe I got my money's worth with this very decent Andis.
the hair dryer has worked great. I gave it only four stars because it ... So far, the hair dryer has worked great. I gave it only four stars because it is difficult to move the slide controls for the heat setting and for the blower setting, which are side by side. So, I just leave the controls set where I want and plug and unplug the dryer so that I don't have to change the controls after I plug it in. If I remember, I will write another review in one year, if it lasts that long!
Four Stars Good one as expected...and my wife using it....she is happy to use it....
Four Stars It definitely gets hot. Somewhat loud though.
... for a couple of years and the plug went bad, so I tried replacing it with several different ... I had this hair dryer for a couple of years and the plug went bad, so I tried replacing it with several different brands.  I ended up returning every one I bought and then decided to look at Amazon to see if it was even possible to buy the same model again.  I was thrilled to find it and immediately bought it.  For whatever reason the air does not get as hot as the original and the low setting is a little bit strong for a low setting.  Compared to the numerous brands I just tried this was still my favorite and am happy to have it!
Great brand! I used to have a Vidal Sassoon hair dryer and it last long like 3years or maybe more. I bought this other one.<br />Their hair dryers are the best so far almost professional! They blow a decent hot air which saves u time  And make ur hair has a style, by the way I have a thick but smooth wavy hair and it's colored which makes it harder to blow!<br /> I definitely recommend it as the best in the market now and one of the strongest hair dryers!<br />I will always buy this brand of hair dryers because now I trust them.
A great tool to have in the bathroom. It is convenient and one doesn't have to bend a stretch to locate it.  It hangs on the wall and the night light is great!
Perfect for using on kids hair, all-around dryer I have owned several wall mount dryers and they seem to be chintzy - overly small and too hot, way too hot to dry my kids' hair.  This one is a bit bigger, feels great in the hand and has a little switch you can set to make it run either warm or hot.  My kids no longer scream and yell when I dry their hair.  It has plenty of power and it looks good too.  The only drawbacks are the length of the cord (could be a tad longer), and the back vent sometimes pulls a hair or two - neither are deal breakers.  I'm very happy with this dryer.
Perfectly good dryer, but... The hair dryer works well. I purchased it based on the 5-star reviews it had received from the few reviewers available at the time. Light weight... various heat settings... positive and negative ion adjustments... etc. My only disappointment is the price. I've tried better or comparable professional hair dryers that are about $20 less expensive. I thought this dryer would be better than those, given the price and excellent reviews. It isn't. Oh well! Still keeping it. Rationalization: It's a perfectly good dryer.
Four Stars Love this hair dryer, but the handle area turned pink within about 2 weeks of using it.
Great blow dryer... Great value for the money. Bigger than most travel size blow dryers but the folding handle is still a great feature and still helps with space. The three speeds is a bonus too. I've read some reviews that say the retractable cord stopped working after a week, but I've had absolutely no trouble and it's been a couple of months. I'm wondering if those people are retracting the cord before or after they fold the handle.  It seems to me it should be done before to give the cord a clear path.  All in all a great purchase.
A good product at a good price! I bought this for my wife after her old one broke.<br />My wife seemed to think that price and quality were correlated with hair dryers, but after seeing the price of some of the &#34;high end&#34; hair dryers, I decided to do a bit more research.  I bought this one because it it highly rated and reasonably priced.  I'm happy to say that my wife enjoys it and noticed no difference from her previous device which was probably over $100.
fast dryer! This drys my long hair in no time at all. I only use the medium setting because the full blast air actually blows it around so much it gets tangled. Overall it has a very nice design, works really well, and I'm glad I bought it.
Even broken, it works great! I bought this hair dryer almost four years ago, and I use it for at least 15 minutes every day. After about a year, the bottom switch (high/medium/off) broke off, but I'm still able to turn it on and off with the thumb easily enough. It is a bit heavier than your average dryer, but it works much faster, and I can tell and definite difference in the smoothness of my hair when I use this compared to the cheap-o ones I've used in the past. I'm thinking about buying another one just because mine is scuffed up and has the broken switch, but all in all, it works great! (Also, there is a matching straightener which works really well, too! [[ASIN:B003V21WO2 Remington S9520 Salon Collection Ceramic Hair Straightener with Pearl Infused Wide Plates, 2 Inch]])
Great Hairdryer for Short Cuts, But DON'T Buy It If You Have Long Hair This is a great design and a good hairdryer for people with short hair (like me), but I cannot recommend it for people with long hair, since it would take FOREVER to dry anything longer than shoulder-length hair.<br /><br />We bought this to replace an old Sunbeam 1800 watt model that finally gave up the ghost after about 8 years of hard use.<br /><br />This compares well, EXCEPT, it only gets about half as hot as the Sunbeam did.  On the bright side, this won't burn your hair & will dry without damaging your hair.  Personally, I like it.  Hubby complains, because he wants to turn on the dryer, sweep it over his head about 6 times and be finished.  No go.  What used to take him a minute now takes 3.  But I think his hair looks healthier.  He could care less : )  He's a man on a mission and wasted time frustrates him to no end.  Patience is a virtue, I say, as he rolls his eyes.<br /><br />It has two speeds (I use low).  It was easy to install; I did it myself in about 3.5 minutes (really easy).  You use 2 screws to screw a small metal plate onto the wall in your desired hanging location, within reach of an electrical outlet.  Then just clip the dryer body onto the plate, plug in, and DONE!<br /><br />The design's great, because the dryer can continue to cool, even after you hang it up, so you don't have to pre-cool it or worry about it overheating in its stand.  It has a nice little blueish-white nightlight built in, a pleasant plus.<br /><br />Would I buy it again?  Absolutely.  Do I recommend it?  Wholeheartedly for short haircuts.  I like it!
good for the price Since switching to this hairdryer, my drying time is significantly less. It has good air power, without over heating your hair. Plus the attachments are great since I like to switch between curly and straight.
Overall it was a good buy I bought this blow dryer to replace another one that I bought online (the previous was not powerful enough). I really like the cord feature but it can hurt you if you aren't careful. It retracts VERY quickly! Overall, I love the blow dryer and am happy with my purchase.
I got this to replace one just like it, because I love the hair dryer I got this to replace one just like it, because I love the hair dryer.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the first one I had only lasted about 2 years and I feel like it should have lasted longer.  Maybe this one will.
Great power, poor switch location I won't lie, the color of this blow dryer caught my attention before anything! The reviews seemed decent and the price was great so I thought if go for it.<br /><br />I'm glad I did. The blow dryer works really well! It dried my long hair really quickly, and my hair holds on to water forever!<br /><br />The only thing that dropped a star were the locations of the switches. These aren't normal buttons you can avoid; the entire front of the handle is made of two switches that you slide up or down to control heat and air power. I haven't accidentally changed the setting on myself, but its just an always spot and not easy to avoid.
Jerdon Wall-mount Hair Dryer I purchased this product in an effort to organize the bathroom in my motorhome.  It keeps things at easy reach without falling all over the place when we're moving, or taking up the minimal cupboard space in an RV!    It definitely satisfies all my criteria.  It's small, powerful, and easily mounted in the tight space I had reserved for it.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this dryer to anyone, and especially to anyone looking to organize a bathroom that might be somewhat spacially-challenged!
Ocean Potion #45 I purchased Ocean Potion #45 for my wife, who has been using it for years
Curling Hair Dryer I like the curling hair dryer and am getting used to using it. My hair requires constant care because I have no natural curl and have very fine hair. I think a person with some natural wave or curl and thicker hair than mine would find this a marvelous curling hair dryer. I do keep using it every other day and use a regular curling iron in between to redo my hair. This curling hair dryer by far beats every other curling hair dryer I have used.
Read the policy before you buy. No Refund .... This hair dryer is very good, unfortunately  this dryer blew up on me In less than on month.  Please people read the policy,  before you buy read the return policy from this company.  The stars is for the product
Loved this little dryer for travelling Very light weight and worked fine for my hair which is mid length.  Easy to switch voltage which I did before going to Italy. I did use it on high and had no issues so did not experience what some others posted.  You will need just an adapter.
Four Stars Very good. Fast shipping and works awesome!
would recomend andis dryer I found this dryer to be sufficiant for my needaa bot a little onn the heavy side. So far it has worked out welll.<br />Linda
WORKS GREAT! I have short, thick, coarse hair and it dries it quickly. My bathromm is small and I like it hanging on the wall within easy reach since I have no drawer space. If you've ever used on in a hotel, same thing.
it dries hair for the price, this is a good product.  i have long, thick hair and it doesn't take very long to dry with this one.  my only complaint is that the diffuser is pretty small.  otherwise, it's a good dryer.
A FABULOUS Hand Dryer! Totally Great! LOVE the heat settings and I can dry my hair with a light Heat Protectant without my hair drying out! I plan to buy another one in a few months just in case they raise the price, discontinue ,change it or mine stops working. It is SUCH a great dryer at a WONDERFUL PRICE!
Good Purchase This was a good purchase for the money and for what I needed.  I don't use a dryer daily so I didn't want to spend another $150 for a hairdryer for which I wasn't going to use often.  High setting is very hot so I use the medium which is more than hot enough.  A little light weight which isn't really a bad thing.  I was used to my old dryer which was a professional, heavier dryer.
Lightweight!!! Blows hot & dries my hair fast!!! This blow dryer is exactly what I was looking for! It's not outrageously priced, simple, lightweight, and dries hair fast!
Hard Hat Dryer 1061 I liked the dryer, I have thick hair so it usually takes forever to dry.  The only complaint I have, I wish the hard hat could be used to lower the dryer rather than the arm its attached to.
good article to receive and open it seems of good quality wine in a box well protected. The number of stars not complete because I have not completely exceeds my expectations
works fine I bought this specifically to work on repairing my inflatable kayak - heat the fabric when patching.  Works fine.  Good value for the $.
Bright nightlight. Nightlight is very bright! Beware if bathroom is off the bedroom, you may need to cover it to tone it down. Otherwise, the hairdryer is excellent - nice to be able to set power for either 1200 or 1600 watts (recessed switch, takes a tool). Then you have high/low finger switch.
Four Stars I would it like more if I could control the intensity and temperature of the dryer
Great product, terrible screws This is the second Andis hairdryer I've had of this type. The first one lasted six years and I used it almost every day, then it eventually started to overheat and would turn itself off almost immediately after turning it on. It is outstanding and that's why I bought another one. I personally like the light on  it because it makes a great night light in the bathroom. However, there is one problem and that is the reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five. The screws that are used to attach this hair dryer to the plate that goes on the wall have a Phillips head that does not match American Phillips screwdrivers. I was very lucky to have ONE special screwdriver that worked. Why I didn't remember this problem from the first Andis hair dryer I don't know. I think they should include American head Phillips screws when sending it to an address in the United States.
like it I like it very much. It styles my hair as I expected. I'd recommend buying it. Just a really minor issue - the air from the head gets really hot, need to be careful.
practical and durable Have had this for about a year and it is not only still going string, but is still in fantastic shape. This was a worthy purchase
Fast acting dryer I was able to quickly blow dry my hair.  The combs were able to glide through my thick hair quickly.  I'm so glad I purchased this blow dryer.
3mo, holding up strong and traveled to UK and ... 3mo, holding up strong and traveled to UK and back very well. Cord sometimes does't retract all the way into dryer so u just need to play with it a bit then it stores completely.
At first it was fine but I may need to replace it soon I have owned this for a little over a year and it's been working on and off for a few months now. At first it was fine but I may need to replace it soon. I use this about 1-2 times a week. Longer when it worked for winter.
As described Is the perfect size for my teenage niece.  She loved the color, settings and temperatures.  Would be a good hairdryer for any non-professional.
Good product Hair dryer works great.<br />Mounting plate was a little bit tricky to install though / could have a better design.<br />All-in-all, a satisfactory purchase.
Great Hairdryer! Love the hairdryer, it works amazing!  My only problem that everyone should know is that I bought it for the 4 year warranty because I have had 2 chi hairdryers that broke just after my 1 year warranty expired!  Therefor this hairdryer was appealing to me.  The only problem is Bespoke Labs wont honor my warranty because it was not purchased by an authorized Beauty Supply dealer.  So I am screwed if this breaks early!
Does a good job drying hair I Like the hairdryer but feel the stand could be made of stronger material for better stabilization and  the shield that drops down over front of face is a bit<br />uncomfortable.  Regardless, the hair dryer does a good job and am happy with it overall.
Replacement for heavier ceramic dryer I had a more expensive ceramic hair dryer but after taking it apart to clean hair out of it I couldn't get it back together quite right.  So I bought this one.  I like it because it's much lighter in weight but I'm also worried that that means it's cheaper quality!  But so far so good.  It blows plenty of hair and gets plenty hot, but this is a good thing as long as you keep it moving.  If you want to aim it at one part of your head without moving it, just turn the heat level down a bit.
Quick and Quiet This blow dryer replaced the ancient one I had been using for the last 5 years, so surpassing my standards may not have been too difficult.<br /><br />It takes about 6 minutes to blow my long, medium thickness hair dry, which seems very quick to me! And the volume is such that I can have a conversation with raised voice while blowing my hair dry.<br /><br />Overall very satisfied!  Hopefully it lasts beyond this first month of ownership.
Does what it's supposed to I have VERY thick hair and needed a dryer that wouldn't take forever to dry my hair.  This one is a bit loud, but it does the job and doesn't make my hair too frizzy.
Great design, compact and nice features.... I love the folding handle, retractable cord and compact design. However, mine was a rare anomaly because it overheated and the opening started to contort slightly like it was melting. Had to return, but I will buy another one, because I don't think this was the norm.
One major flaw This is a great hair dryer with one major flaw from my standpoint. It does a great job of drying my thick, coarse and frizzy hair in a short period of time and without as much frizz as other hair dryers, even my previous Conair. I was pleasantly surprised that it is quite lightweight. My major concern with it is that the finger control to turn it on and to high, low and off is very cheaply constructed and designed. My previous Conair dryer was easy to maneuver with my thumb but this has been redesigned to look sleek but not have enough gripping surface, especially when you have hair produce on your hands. I often find myself using my opposite hand to try to nudge it upward and have almost broken the control off with my (short) fingernail in the process. I much preferred the lever control of my old dryer and will be interested in seeing how well this control stands the test of time.
good power, able to dry hair quickly Works well, good power, able to dry hair quickly.
Pretty good for the price This is the first blow dryer I've ever had. It's simple and pretty effective. I gave it 4/5 stars because I was a little confused with how to make it work. Great for the price. It has only two settings, low and high. I've used the low setting only. I wish it had had a better explanation for how to make it start working. Otherwise, it's great, no complaints.
Good choice for the right price. This blow dryer works very well! Dries my hair in no time and uses less power to do it.
Blows you away This little hair dryer is indeed mighty. It is small, lightweight, and easy to handle. Perfect for travel or for someone who doesn't want to take up half their space with storing some of the big hair dryers. Works very well as well.
This blow dryer works great for travel This blow dryer works great for travel. It is small, lightweight and is very easy to convert for various power needs as I traveled from country to country on a recent trip. My only very small complaint would be that it is very loud to operate.
Solid basic hair dryer This is a basic hair dryer. The feature differentiates it from other competitors is the twist folding handle. The power is 1875 watt. It is quite decent, but most of the hair dryers have that same power. It may be because the same AC motor is sued. It has two heat settings with a button to blow air only. The ceramic technology is also in other hair dryers.  All in all, this is a basic solid hair dryer. If you are not crazy about the folding handle, you can go for the competitors at a slightly lower price.
What it is! Great deal for the price.  Only drawback is lack of height adjustment.  This requires only that either the platform it's resting on and/or the seating of the user be adjusted instead.  Excellent Winter head warmer and brain circulation stimulator worth upwards of 15 IQ points.
Great Travel dryer needed a dryer lite and easy to use for when we travel and this did the trick.  not for everyday but very handy for travel and a back up dryer
Great hairdryer I really like the hairdryer. I had a previous model of the same wattage by Conair. It dries thick long hair quickly, and is not too loud.<br />The only drawback is that the barrel is too wide for my hairdryer holster hook in my bathroom. I can put it in there handle first, but that is less ideal.
Black and pink! Otherwise works great! Black and pink. I couldn't tell from the pictures it was black and pink so I gave it to my wife. She is happy with it.
Good hair dryer. Works great and I can channel the heat to a specific area when drying.  A little big but is manageable. Thanks.
Farouk Deep Brilliance Professional Hair Dryer Great hair dryer for a great price. You'll have to pay the same for a high end regular hair dryer at a drug store or department store.  It gets fairly hot, and is quiet.  It is heavier than a normal dryer.
Great little hair dryer I bought this dryer for travel and it is perfect.  Plenty of power and folds up<br />For easy packing.
This dryer was perfect blow speed for my long fine hair This dryer was perfect blow speed for my long fine hair.  High blow was drying and so was low.  Low allowed styling unlike my other (conair 1875 which missed class on what does High versus Low mean)..  Great selections for any speed/heat you want.  On this one,  I give kudos to however designed the switches - probably a woman.  This is light-weight and had everything I wanted Except ---&#62; it did not appear to be truly ionic for me.  My hair looked terrible.  The box and inside pamphlet states ionic, but the dryer did nothing for my hair.  It was a limp flyaway mess.  Disappointed as the rest of it was great.  This may work for you and I would recommend you give it a try.
BEWARE - Warranty not honored BEWARE-----    I purchased this item just over 4 months ago and am recently having some problems with it working properly.  It starts off really slow on high, and often doesn't get up to speed like it did before.  It also smells like something is burning when I first turn it on.  I called Bespoke Labs to get it replaced and was told that AMAZON.COM is not an authorized online seller and therefore they will not honor the 1 year warranty.  Bespoke will only replace the BROKEN hairdryer for an additional $55 plus I have to ship it back to them in CA.    While I loved the hair dryer, I'm not willing to sink another $55+ in to it.  Besides, who knows if the next one will work.
Why did I wait so long? We've all used the wall-mounted blow dryers in hotels, and then gone home to the unit sitting on the counter-top in our bathroom.  I finally broke down and purchased this wall-mounted unit and put it in my wife's bathroom.  It only took a couple of minutes to install the mounting plate with the supplied hardware.  What a difference.  No more cords dangling in the sink and knocking items on the floor.  I chose this model because it has a removable filter to allow easier cleaning.  My feelings about blow dryers is that they're pretty much all the same within price ranges.  I don't expect a $35 item to last 10 years. . . I will happily replace it when it wears out.  This one works fine and I don't have any complaints.  I'd buy it again tomorrow if faced with the same need and happily recommend it to anyone who's considering a purchase.
Great size for travel! I wanted a smaller hairdryer to take with me while traveling and this is perfect! I couldn't believe how small it is when folded up. Only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is because I haven't used it yet but for travel purposes, it's well worth the money!
Works well After reading many reviews, I decided to get this one.  I've been using a variety of different ones and most work pretty well.  This one continues that trend.  It cuts well and is easy to maintain.  The only downsides is that it might get a little warmer/louder than what I remember of the others I've used and without a guard, it doesn't get quite as close as some of the other clippers.  I'd recommend it for anyone who isn't looking for a really close cut.
Soft Bonnet Review I like a soft bonnet hair drier, because it drys my hair softly not harshly as hand held dryers do.  And it leaves my hands free to do other things.  This particular one is compact and when everything is packed away, takes up little shelf space.  It is very sturdy too and I really like the long hose.
Great Very good, love the ionic feature - it dries your hair fast and prevents frizziness. Also a very good price.<br /><br />Only downside is the handle can be difficult to grab without hitting the switches. There is one relatively small opening in between the two switches (temperature switch & power switch) for one finger to grasp. Sometimes results in accidentally hitting the switches. But other than that it is great!
Light and works great The only reason why I give it 4 stars is that the handle is not foldable. But for this price who cares? It functions well as a machine that blows hot air out.
Good for the money I use this blow dryer at least 4x/week and so far so good. I have had it for about a month now. The only complaint I have is that the concetrator falls off really easily. Then, if I want to put it back on, I have to wait at least 5 minutes, because it is too hot to touch. So basically, I do half my hair with the concentrator on the blow dryer, and once it falls off (cause it always does) I just do the rest of my hair without it. Other than that, a good product for the money!
My husband loves this product My husband loves this product, although I accidentally way overpaid for this which upsets me, the product is great and lasts a long time.  He has used it many times before and it smells good, too!  Next time just get it directly from Burts bees retailer website where you can easily get it for cost!  You don't have to get it from amazon's private dealers, which can way overcharge for things.
Good for 6-months to a year The concept of this hair dryer is great - retractable cord, folds for travel, ceramic technology, etc.  It works well when it works, however its only good for 6 months to a year.  I bought my first one in May 2012 and it blew up in Dec 2012.  Bought a replacement in Dec 2012 and this one just blew up in Jan 2014.  Blew up = POP, fizzle, smoke.  I like the hair dryer, but there's an obvious trend I'm not willing to risk anymore.<br /><br />**Update** After reading some of the other reviews, I learned about the 5-year warranty.  I contacted Andis, and all I had to do was send in my Amazon receipt.  They sent out two new hairdryers within days.  I am happily using the hair dryer again and have a spare.  I upgraded from 3 to 4 stars based on the fantastic warranty and customer service.
like it bought it for the wife, and she no longer keeps the blow dryer under the sink. I would say she liked it to :
Large and capable The Mangroomer is a large yet lightweight dryer that provides quiet and powerful hair drying action. Even my wife's thick and long hair is dried within minutes. The size of the hair dryer means it is not meant for travel, but rather one that should stay at home. The cord length is appropriate and does not interfere with my morning routine of getting ready and singing along to Katy Perry in the mirror and imagining myself at Madison Square Garden.
funny name, good product I bought this for my wife, wasn't sure because as seen on TV products are often very gimicky... but she LOVES it. A few women I've told about the gift thought it was great too.  It's bulky and heavy, but that's a good sign that it's built well and will last. The suction cup was large, but it has fallen down once. Because of it's size and weight, attaching it and pulling it off the mirror every time you use it is not an option, but it's a little scary leaving it up all the time. (tip, don't put anything expensive underneath it). (better tip: thoroughly clean mirror and blo-and-go with alcohol before application.     I wish this came with an option to attach securly to wall with screws. The image shows it attached to a wall or a door, but I highly doubt it could do that... needs a completely clean flat surface like glass.    Other than that, I am satisfied.
Just What I Need and Economical Don't use it for more than 5-10 minutes/week.  But works great, very comfortable to hold.  Just what I needed for my purposes.
Very Good A great product and works perfectly.  I love that the dryer is off the bathroom counter.  The mounting directions were a little confusing, though.  And the back plate was a little tough to get off.
Almost perfect This hair dryer functions as it should and meets all expectations... however, to me, there is just one con. The fan speed adjustment slider is a bad design. I constantly like to adjust the fan speed when I blow dry or style my hair and, if not careful, the adjuster piece can pinch you palm area if it's resting in the area where the adjustment piece slides down.... not quite sure how to describe it. Well, after getting pinched once it never happened again because now I'm aware - though it sucked the first time. Just a FYI!
Good Price, Good Features Maybe like you, I had a huge stylist type hairdryer I'd had for years.  After moving to a different city and a different job, I no longer needed the super power that this dryer gave me.  My hair does better air dried and if you listen to all the stylists in the media, they say blow drying your hair every day would damage it so a quick few seconds for the bangs and I was out the door.  With the limited space in our bathroom after moving, the hair dryer took up more space than was warranted for it.  Sure I wasn't spending another few dollars to buy something I already had, but the frustration of never having a clean looking sink counter had been eating at my peace of mind.    After a few trips where the hotel had a wall mounted hair dryer that suited my need just fine, I talked the hubby into putting out the funds for a wall mounted dryer.  I hemmed and hawed about which dryer I should buy.  Mostly, it came down to price and the loop for the cord.  Didn't need the nightlight, but after a couple of nights, the soft green glow came in handy when waking up in the middle of the night due to cats or a need to use the toilet.  Even the hubby who is sensitive to light at night was comfortable with it as long as it wasn't facing the bed.    The loop on the back is flat and not a circle so you have to hook the cord over it just like in the picture.  I had expected it to be a full circle sticking out from the wall, but it sits flush.  Still, the cord does stay in place so I can't complain.  I have a good hair dryer and it's finally off the counter!
Works Good My old dryer was not putting out any heat. That was why I bought this one. It does not put out as much air as my old one, but it does a good job of drying my hair.
Perfect for Traveling LOVES:<br />+ Great for travel<br />+ Includes a storage bag<br />+ And includes two additional pieces to attach (concentrator & diffuser)<br />+ Small & lightweight<br /><br />THE BADS:<br />- Does not have cold air setting<br /><br />I purchased this when I was in college (at the college store), and it was perfect for the constant back and fourth travel. And I still use it to this day when traveling. I love how small it is, and yet it still gets the job done.
Excellent This is an excellent value.  I've owned several Remington products and have rarely been disappointed.  This is no exception.  It works nearly as well as my very expensive Chi hair dryer, but for a lot less money.  It also comes with attachments, which my expensive on did not.  I wouldn't go so far as to say this is salon quality, but for people who don't want to pay for salon quality equipment, but want to get salon quality results, this will be an excellent addition to their tool set.
almostt great the cord is too long.  if the cord had a spiral or curled design, it would be  a lot easier to use and take up less space.
Conair SB1X bonnet hair dryer Bought for using on small rolled curlers.  The bonnet isn't the easiest to get on and off for that, but it only takes about 25 minutes to dry most of the hair that is 3&#34; long.  Sometimes the hose unhooks from the bonnet.  Need to stay still.  Better than wearing curlers for a few hours.
Hairdryer I like the size and sound of this hairdryer - nice and compact on the wall - the first one only lasted 15 months-hope this lasts longer - I have had to replace my hairdryer twice and my husband is still using the first one he ordered which is probably 4-5 years old. Use on daily basis.
Great hair dryer, worth every penny Powerful! A little heavy, but not bad. I can dry my hair in 10 mins, 15 if I want it to look nice. Definitely a great tool.
Gets the job done This is my first hair dryer purchase in many years because I had curly hair, which I am now straightening.<br /><br />Pros: dries hair quickly (I was using it on high for the first few weeks, but today I set the temperature to medium and my hair still dried fairly quickly), cute color, retractable cord, quick cool button, price<br />Cons: it seemed a bit heavy on the first day, but I got over that quickly<br /><br />I would recommend this product.
Just what I was looking for. This hairdryer was exactly what I was looking for:  A simple design that blows forcefully.  It works quickly and my hair looks smooth when I am done.  The hottest setting gets a little too hot if you leave the dryer pointed at your scalp for more than a few seconds, but that's really a pro because it gets good and hot.  It has three heat settings to adjust for comfort.
drys fast it does a good job with the heat ranges, the only thing I replaced a travel dryer with this and it just seems so big and bulky
Awesome! Hair dries faster and looks smooth and shiny Awesome! Hair dries faster and looks smooth and shiny!  I took one star off is because of the cost.  I even didn't mention to my hobby how much this thing cost.
Read the Description Carefully Be careful that you are selecting what you want.  I didn't read the description closely and thought it was the kind of dryer I was replacing that wired into the wall.  This one plugs in to an outlet and it has been a challenge to mount since the footprint of the base is smaller than the one I had previously.  My fault, not theirs, but the image looks exactly like what I had.  We eventully bought a picture frame, put scrapbook paper in it and bolted the dryer mounting to the frame and the frame to the wall to cover the previous dryer's footprint.  A bit of a challenge, but the result looks OK.
Neat and compact. Power? This replaced a Conair Wallmount Dryer without the LED Night Light.<br />Found the Andis model to be compact especially with the unique cord hanger.<br />Does not seem as powerful however.<br />Bright night light a real plus!
Good hairdryer for price For the price, this has been a good hairdryer.  I was considering much more expensive dryers when I saw reviews for this one.  It has great heat control, very cool/warm/very hot.  I accidentally change the setting with my fingers like other reviewers, but not a big deal.  So far, I like it.
Honest Truth nice to have a timer and to control the heat.  the description didn't say how hot it gets but it says 75 Celsius and it was too hot for my girl friend and she has hair that requires a lot of heat.  Easy to put together took less than 5 minutes after unpacking everything. No fan speed on this model.  Also the description said locking wheels when I bought it and it does not have it.  Girl friend is super happy how her hair comes out with this machine and that was the whole plan.  Also the pole is spring loaded which makes it easier to adjust up but harder-er to adjust down but you don't have to be super strong to do it.  It was easy for me just wanted to mention it because I thought it was a great selling point because if it wasn't spring loaded it would suck adjusting the height.
Good lifespan for price It lasted a little over a year and a half, which is decent for the $20 I paid. The fan runs, but the housing has separated where the silver part and black part meet, leaving a crack that allows strands of hair to be sucked into the fan/heater assembly. I'm looking for something a little more durable, even if it ends up costing a bit more. It does reduce frizz! Travels well domestically within the US, but is not a dual-voltage dryer.
Four Stars Delivered on time...as described
5 years in the salon i like the dryer I have used this for 1.5 years in the salon i like the dryer, actually gets too hot so i rarely use it on high heat, the cold button is placed in a good spot, dryer tends to be a little heavy when using all the time. but it hasn't given me any trouble, over all it was a good buy.
Ok for a backup or basic hair dryer This is a decent hair dryer, and we usually buy the less expensive ones because they seem to last as long, if not longer, than more expensive ones.  On this one, the handle doesn't fold, which is kind of a pain for storing, and it only has two heat settings, which my wife found to be either too hot and not hot enough, so she went back to her old one.  The removable filter is a simple plastic screen that screws off of the back so it can be washed.  It's nothing special, but it's a nice touch that you can remove it vs. trying to get all the gunk out while wrangling the rest of the dryer.  We don't use the attachments for curly hair, so while they were included and seem durable, we'd not be able to say how well they work.  At any rate, it's a good dryer we'll keep in the guest bathroom and can serve as a functional backup.
Works as advertised, may need to secure hose to bonnet by altering what Conair provided. Does what it is supposed to. A noted design flaw... the hose connector to the bonnet does not couple well, or rather stay connected. I suggest that you shove the male hose part into the female bonnet part, without using the notches. It may permanently attach the tow so you can no longer use the brush or detach them, but it will keep the two secure.  Also it kind of smells weird when on.
Good Hair Dryer This hair dryer does the job.  I wanted a small dryer with multiple heat settings and that is what I got.  I knew it had 1600 Watts when I ordered it, I wish it was a little bit more powerful.  Great for a mans short hair.  For a woman with long thick hair you may want something with more watts.  I have only had the dryer for several weeks.  So far no quality issues.  The guarantee on the box states 5 years.  We will see.  The price is so low for what you get if I get 2 years out of it I will be happy.
Hair Dryer I was trying to find a hair dryer that had 3 speed and 3 heat settings and was reasonable priced.  This fit 3 requirements.  It doesn't get quit as hot as I expected, but I am still pleased with it.
Four Stars No problems, arrived as promised.
This is a good little unit Four stars....might upgrade this to 5 in the next month or so.  This is a good little unit, perfect for travel or light use.  The first one overheated after 3-5 minutes of use, I was able to exchange it with the vendor, and the replacement unit seems to work perfectly.  Once its used a few more times, I'll either upgrade the rating or comment below.  Not a bad dryer overall, and it comes with 2 attachments.  A pokey thing, and a duck bill thing.
Dries hair quickly I purchased this for my daughter when her old drugstore hair dryer expired. She likes it pretty well and said it dries her very long/thick hair pretty quickly.
Four Stars Love hot tools but this one is not turbo. Still very good product, doesn't hurt your hair.
good value liked the heat and strength bottons. only &#34;issue&#34; is that the dryer is a little heavy, if you are using it for straightning
Bought it for my upcoming trip to Paris, France I bought this for my upcoming overseas trip to Paris as this blowdryer was cheap and fit my criteria of being dula voltage with ceramic technology. I have average hair that does get pretty wavy (sometimes looks like I took it out of a braid) Plugged it in and it started right up here in California. Will probably use this blow dryer more instead of straightening my hair.<br /><br />Pros: Works well<br />Leaves my hair smooth and frizz free<br />Retractable cord is convenient<br />Speed and heat settings<br />Folding handle<br />Switch to switch over to different voltage is easy to find<br /><br />Cons: Haven't found any lol<br /><br />It is a bit heavier then my other blowdryer but nothing that I would complain about. Will update this once I use it in Paris. I did read in the manual that when used in the 210-250V areas the settings have to be kept on Low and on Hot but we'll see if it is an issue.
It works I like this style of hair dryers. The cord does retract as it should but leaves a good 18 inches hanging. The dryer does not seem to blow very hot air compared to my previous dryer. The settings just seem to adjust the speed of the fan. I still manage to get my hair dry and perhaps the cooler temperature will prevent me from damaging my hair.
Great product Great product not as loud as other hair dryers, although it is a bit heavier because of the material its made of...im happy with it. i just hope it last longer than other remington products.
His & Her's hair dyers Mounted both items in the master bathroom. I'm completely satiefied with them. Strong air flow,nice cord length and easy instalation.
works very well but it smoked a tiny amount. So far it works very well, however when I first turned it on it smoked a little, A very tiny amount.  I don't know if that's normal or its going to explode, I will write another review if the worst happens.
Really good blow dryer my first 1 finally just burnt out ... Really good blow dryer my first 1 finally just burnt out after 4 years, and I refuse to use a different blow dryer besides this 1... So I'm onto my second 1 but hey after 4 years its about that time!
Gotta Love Retractable Cords This dryer has great power and a variety of settings.  The retractable cord is a GREAT feature and keep the cords protected so that it doesn't get tangled, split, or caught up with other appliance cords!    I like this hair dryer...but my old one (see link below) had a very nice feature that you could not only retract the cord, but also fold the handle up which was perfect for storage and traveling.    [[ASIN:B000BFJJ7E Conair 1875 Watt Ionic Cord Keeper Hair Dryer]]
Decent hair dryer I purchased this dryer because I have another Conair model 1875 that I absolutely love - and I want an extra to keep at work.  This one isn't quite as quiet or as quick at drying as my other model 1875, but nevertheless, it is much quicker and quieter than my old regular hair dryers.  I would definitely recommend the product as a replacement to an older or non-ionic model hair dryer.
Works well, wish the diffuser were larger This dryer has mulitple settings.  One switch to control the blast (a little or a lot) and one switch to control the temperture (low med high).  I have very curly hair, which I wear naturally.  I need my dryer to blast a lot of air, but at a very low temperture, and I need to have a diffuser.<br /><br />This fits the bill.  The only gripe I have is that I wish the diffuser were bigger. It's fairly small - you really have to dry your hair in fairly small sections.<br /><br />Recommend.
Solid Hairdryer It's a nice hair dryer, has a cool setting 3 diff temp settings and 2 diff speed settings. I knock off one star because after a month one of the points broke off on the diffuser.
Pink powerhouse. This works for me. I like a small hairdryer. It is plenty powerful and plenty pink!
About the 220 V Settings NOTE:  I do not own this hair dryer, but to add a review I had to add a star rating.  I used the average of 4 stars to keep the rating unchanged.<br /><br />PLEASE NOTE that a lot of these hair dryers do nothing more than mechanically lock out the on-off switch from using the HI TEMP setting WHEN set for 220 volt input for foreign countries.  That is very typical.<br /><br />PLEASE ALSO NOTE that the Low Heat mode at 220 volts does not work the same as 110 volts.  From an electrical point of reference, doubling the voltage yields a four fold increase in power (wattage).  If the Low Heat mode at 110 volts (USA value) is 400 watts, then using this dryer in Low Heat mode at 220 volts (eg, Europe) would generate 1600 watts.  That's the way the power equation works.  That's how my current unit worked when we vacationed in Europe.  Low Heat mode at 220 volts generates high heat and a fast fan speed.<br /><br />WHAT you lose is the low power curling and shaping mode when using these dryers at 220 volts.  There is no 400 watt option in the 220 volt setting.<br /><br />If you want both HIGH and LOW Heat modes, buy a transformer to convert 220 to 110 volts (and be sure it is big enough, power wise, to handle the 110 volt High Heat wattage).  The cost, beyond the purchase price of the transformer, is the added transformer weight in your travel luggage.<br /><br />I hope this clarifies how these type hair dryers work in Europe....  a retired Electrical Engineer.<br /><br />PS:  Going from USA 60 Hertz (a.k.a. 60 cycles) to European 50 Hertz makes no difference for this appliance.<br /><br />PPS: None of the 220 V countries use our 110 V two prong or three prong wall plug.  Even if you don't buy the transformer,<br />  you will need a plug converter kit to plug this hair dryer into the 220 V wall outlet (found with the luggage in most department stores or on<br />  Amazon under Plug Converter - but be sure to get the 220 to 110 version and not the 110 to 220 for Europeans visiting USA).
Conair Styler This hair appliance works well.  No issues to date.  It came with two (2) attachments, both of which I use intermittently.  It is lightweight and easy to handle.  The button that changes the temperature of the drying air is in a bad spot and every now and then it is easy to switch the drying temperature.  Easy enough to change it back, but it should be in a different area.
Good on wall hair dryer. Easy to install on wall but requires some drilling.  Three heat settings work well but I would like to have a setting that is air only like my old dryer had.  Night light is green but throws enough light to see way around bathroom at night.  No way to turn night light off.
Great gift This was a Christmas gift and was what my daughter asked for. It meets her expectations and was just what she wanted.
Great quality for price I was excited to receive this blow dryer and be able to test it out, since I've done allot of research for a good quality inexpensive blow dryer with enough settings . Especially because I have fine hair, a blow dryer that doesn't get extremely hot was a priority. I absolutely love it , it's everything that i was looking for & i like the way it looks. Only one con is , it's pretty heavy. I would recommend this item
Only 4 stars because of night light I bought this to replace my wall mounted dryer that I bought for $5 at a yard sale 15 years ago which finally bit the dust.  I didn't really believe the tourmaline hype but this dryer does seem to make it easier to comb out long, tangled hair.  And the hair seems silkier when dry.  I would give the product 5 stars except you can't turn off the night light.  I've mounted it inside a cabinet where I can shut the door but otherwise would have to put ugly black tape over the light.  With so many studies showing that light disrupts healthy sleep, one would think that manufacturers would stop putting night lights on everything, or at least offer the option to turn it off.  If I wanted a night light, I would buy one.  I shouldn't have to put up with one on a $50 hair dryer.
Great dryer at a great price. This is my third favorite. First is the Sedu and second is the Parlux. This is great for the price however.
It should travel well I like it more than the one I have.  I wish it had 6 settings through low/med/high and cool/warm/hot; that would make it better. Then I would love it. To be fair, I knew it didn't have all of those settings when I bought it. I have not gone to Europe with it yet, I'll see if the electricity conversion truly works then.
Great for overseas travel! Perfect for my recent trip to Europe.  The dual voltage made it easy to use while overseas and yet it is very powerful!
Seems to have a lot of power, I just wish the heat was a bit hotter. I do like how this dryer feels as I hold it. There is a lot of air that is coming from the unit. I just wish it were hotter. I have very thick hair and it takes forever to dry. It seems as if the hottest setting is the same temperature as &#34;warm&#34; on any other dryer that I have had.
Good dryer, if you can get at a good price I bought this as a second hair dryer for the home.  I like the retractable cord feature, and the heating element is pretty good.  It could use a little more air flow power though.  Since my original hair dryer broke, I am in the market for another one.  (This one still works good, but my older hair dryer broke).<br /><br />I am surprised to see that in about 11 months time, this dryer has gone up in price by 2.5 times what I originally paid.  Back in April 2012, I got this for only $10.  On March 6, 2013 (today), Amazon is now selling it for close to $25!?  Guess I won't be getting another one of these...
Four Stars I love this hair dryer the only thing it is missing is a retractable cord
It gets the job done. This item works well. Although the medium and high settings seem to be the same. But it didn't really bother my because i was trying not to use it on such a high setting anyway to prevent damage.. my only complaint is that i wanted to dry my hair using the cool button, i found that pressing it made my hand hurt, it wasn't easy to hold down, felt like i was getting a cramp. And depending on what product you have in my your hair the whole dryer might slide from your hand. Other that that it seems to be a good product, it gets the job done, and doesn't feel wimpy in the hand.. if you have curly or corse hair then you won't find the brush attachment helpful.
A great product This is a very good product.  I have been using over a month.  It has enough power to blow your hair faster.  However, the night light caused everyone a little uncomfortable.  The light was too bright when I pluged the power.  The only way to turn off light is to press Test buttom and press Reset buttom when you needed to use, which is very inconvenience.  So, I opened the back cover and stick the dark tape on the light screen to reduce the bright light.  I wish there is a dimm switch to adjust light.
good traveling hairdryer Good,but not as powerful as I hoped.  The size is great.
Really nice hair dryer I would have given it 5 stars, but the toggle switches for speed and heat are located where you grip the handle, as you can see from the picture, and I'm constantly turning the heat back up because I've hit the switch while drying my hair.  Lots of cool attachments I haven't tried yet.
Good, not great The hairdryer takes a lot longer to dry my hair with compared to the one I had in the past. I don't notice any difference like it claimed in the description to help ease flyaways and tame hair.
Great hair dryer but a bit on the heavy side When I got this hair dryer for my wife, she was impressed by the quality of the packaging and the hair dryer. Once she used it, she was further impressed by its power and how fast it dried her hair.  This hair dryer is amazingly quiet even with all of its power, unlike others that she has used in the past.  It comes with various options such as three heat settings, a diffuser, and a Cool Shot button that provides a quick blow of air for a final styling touch.   The only reason it gets four stars is because of its weight.
Well made and durable Works just fine, and has a heavier, quality &#34;feel&#34; than the cheaper ones. Mounts easy, and looks fine on the wall.
So far, so good This is a nice little unit but only time will tell how it holds up.  While Conair calls it an 1875 watt hairdryer, my Kill A Watt meter measured 1200 watts.  I suspect that the other manufacturers claims are just as misleading.  I wouldn't be surprised to see them adding a shunt resistor to increase the power drain so that the unit would appear to be even more powerful.  But, if they did, sooner or later the truth would be uncovered.
Nicely Designed 1875 Watt Blow Dryer That's Super Lightweight and A Great Value! This is a very good blow dryer. It has three heat and two speed settings, and a cool shot button to help set your style. It's 1875 watts- so it's nice and strong though not as powerful my professional hair dryer that does dry my hair faster. But my hair has been getting split ends and damaged, so I love that this dryer is designed to protect against heat damage. Only time will tell if that feature works, but I sure need it. This also has the usual attachments that I never use but they look the same as what typically comes with a blow dryer. My biggest problem with blow dryers is the motor dies from not regularly cleaning the lint filter (which draws in dust and causes the motor to overheat). So one great feature is this Remington has a removable filter for easy cleaning, and that will definitely prolong the life of the hair dryer if the filter is cleaned out regularly.<br /><br />My hair comes out smooth and nice with the Remington. My favorite part about the design is it's comfortable to hold, the controls are placed well for comfortable use and most of all it's super lightweight. Also, this dryer is not as loud as most others. It looks great in purple too. I do wish the cord was a little longer. It's long enough for plugging into a high outlet in a bathroom, but if I need to use a lower outlet in another room  then the cord is too short for me to stand and dry my hair (though adequate if I sit down). I'm used to a longer cord, so others may not mind the cord length, but I'm taking one star off as I think the cord should be at least a foot longer. Overall, however, I definitely recommend this hair dryer as it has great features, works very well and is such a great value!
Worth the money I love that this has 3 different heat settings. Cuts drying time in half without using too much heat. If i had to have one complaint, the dryer itself is a little heavy, other than that it's perfect.
wish it had a cold air setting Pros:  Lightweight, takes up very little space and comes with a stylish silver storage bag  Great for travel and sturdy enough for every day use  Can be used in other countries with prong type adapter  The tourmaline technology which is supposed to be less damaging for your hair  Its little and so cute! makes adorable gifts    Cons:  It does dry my rather thick hair pretty decently and gives a bit of body but don't expect salon type effects with this one  It doesn't have the cold air setting
Works pretty good This cream works very nicely on my eyes. I mainly bought it because it has the copper peptides that everyone seems to be raving about. I see some improvements however, i think that with any skin care products you need to give it a few months to see true results.Also i noticed that this cream can irritate so make sure you put only a little. I went crazy putting on extra daily out of desperation lol and i felt a burning irritation around my eyes. Still a good cream but you may want to shop around to see what else is out there.
Argan Heat Ceramic Hair Dryer Relatively quiet, dries hair much faster than my previous dryer.
light compact good Works wonderful and fast. But the cold press button got unglued. Powerful great for gym.
Four Stars I like the dryer because of the cord reel feature, I just wish it was not so loud.
Power/handling Bought this after using one elsewhere: has good weight, good power, dries fast, not too loud. Only down side, the director-nozzle falls off easily. Otherwise, a very good by.  NE
A Hair Dryer, Nothing to Write Home About It's a hair dryer, not exactly a cure for the common cold.<br /><br />I like it. It does dry my thick african-american hair very quickly and leaves a shine. I cannot give it five stars because the cord is too short - could be a tad longer - I constantly have to re-plug in the socket.
Great product with greta price The product works great, I saw some reviews saying it is very noisy, I don't have any concern when I use it. The only thing is it is a little bit heavier than I thought, so hold it for a long time will make my arm a little sour. Beside that, it is a very good product with very good price. I will definitely recommend it.
SO - SO The hair dryer does its job, but takes way to long. The heat coming out of the dryer could be hotter to help get the job done quicker. I bought and use this hair dryer to blow dry my beard every morning, about half of the time I just go out into my garage and use an air nozzle hooked up to my compressor and get the job done a lot quicker.
Worked well on fine hair. I used the Infiniti by Conair 223F blow dryer on my 10 year olds hair. She has a head full of long blond hair but it is fine. Usually when I use a blow dryer on her hair it gets to be fly away and static filled. This blow dryer worked great on her hair. It left it looking smooth and with a nice shine. She didn't get the fly away messy look from it. I started out using the hot setting and then moved down to the warm setting as her hair was drying. She liked that I was able to use the cooler setting especially when blowing it on her face to dry her bangs. I love that the cord retracts back into the handle for storing. Makes it much easier to put away when done using it and also makes it nice while using it that you don't have to have a long cord dangling in your way. I don't mind the color, it actually looks more of a reddish purple to me than pink. The dryer is a little bulky for smaller hands. My daughter thought it was a bit heavy for her smaller hands but I had no problem hanging on to it and using it. Overall, a nice blow dryer that works well.
Good Value I selected this modeal as I had a previous model of this same hair dryer that finally failed after a few years of good service.  I purchsed the model 134R and it fit on the previous model's base plate, so I did not have to re-mount to the wall.  The light is now a LED version, which saves power but but puts out much less light than the older model- so it is not really suitable as a night light for the bathroom as the older model was (otherwise I would have given 5 stars).  The dual dryer settings are useful and the high setting is quite powerful- plenty for ay hair type in my opinoin. It is a noisy unit and can get quite warm, but performs as I expected. Overall, a good value for the money.
Four Stars great
Great Product. Lives up to its promise Great Product. Lives up to its promise .Its been 2 months so far.<br />Love my hair after I use it !
Bespoke Labs Hair dryer I'm really happy with this product. My hair is much smoother and feels healthier. I would definitely recommend this item, but couldn't imagine paying full price for it! A $300 hairdryer would have to come with it's own stylist to be worth it!
Good hairdryer that isn't too loud Like most reviews I have the same comments.  A little heavy but doesn't really bother me.  I wish there was a removable grill/screen on the back to prevent hair from getting in.  I like that it isn't too loud.  It is a good hair dryer and a decent price.
Wonderful Item I have been using this floss for the past 3 years. I've never thought of switching to a different type of floss ever since.
cute hair dryer This is a cute hair dryer and my 2-year old daughter loves it because it's pink and has a kitty on it.  Would be nice if it had a cooler setting on it.  My daughter cries sometimes because it's too hot.  All in all, a good buy because the gimmick of a pink hair dryer got her to dry her hair with it when she wouldn't let me dry it with my hair dryer.
This is a fine hair dryer This is a fine hair dryer... I am sorry it is so large however as I have a tender shoulder...  That makes it hard to use at times... The dryer however is a good one.
This one is great! Yay Third time is a charm!  I was looking to replace my hair dryer and the last two I tried were so loud.  This one is great! Yay!
Great blow dryer, but it only lasted a year and a half. The vendor sent me the European voltage model at first and almost didn't take it back at first.  When I called back, they not only sent me another one, but two more.  Fortunately, I had the second one, because the first one pooped out after only a year and a half.  I hope that this second one last longer, as it is an expensive blow dryer.  It does a very professional job and was recommended by my hair stylist.
Four Stars Love it!
Great little hair dryer for the money Great little hair dryer for the money. No cool setting and low speed is really low, but I still like it and would recommend it.
Good hairdryer This hair dryer works great.  I did have a problem with the shipping though.  It got lost in the mail and then arrived damaged.  The new one is quiet and dries my hair quicker than my old one.  My hair stylist says that this brand of hair dryers tend to take a while to warm up but I have not noticed this so far.
Just what I needed - Update posted 12/2012 This was my 2nd attempt at a wall mounted hair dryer.  The first one was terrible.  The one I got rid of had a short barrel and sucked my hair into the intake in the back and ended up burning up the 3rd time I used it.  I've had this one a little over a month and it is so much better.  Easy to mount.  Easy to use.  I love that it turns off when you set it back in the cradle.  Cord gives enough to stretch down low when I blow dry my daughters hair.  Only negative is that there is no heat control.  High air setting has high heat.  Medium air has medium heat.  Low air has luke warm heat.  But since I prefer the high air/high heat it works ok for me.  I recommend it.<br /><br />UPDATE12/2012:  Around the beginning of 2012 the unit's high setting stopped working.  Or rather it works intermittently.  Sometimes it will come on but most times it does not.  This makes it hard to dry thick or long hair.  The heat & air volume on the other settings doesn't cut it if you want to dry your hair quickly or if you have a lot of hair.  Still pretty good product in terms of size/design/price and maybe I'm expecting too long a life from a hair dryer, but I do know that most of the others dryers I've owned lasted 6-8 years.  Was hoping at least that much out of this one.
Sunbeam/Oster Wall Mounted Hair Dryer The hair dryer works well and was easy to install.<br />It was a little larger than I expected.<br />Overall, happy with the product.
It really does feel velvety after washing your hands with this soap. Even though I rinse my hands thoroughly, they sill feel really soft and velvety after drying. In the couple weeks since switching to this soap my hands have never felt better. I have somewhat dry skin and most soaps really irritate my skin and I try to rinse well to prevent itchiness. I've found that not only do I not have to rinse very long but I rarely get itchy anymore and I love the smell of tea tree oils, which was what persuaded me to get this to begin with.
Overall Impressed I was skeptical about buying such an expensive hair dryer. However, my best friend had one and I tried it on a trip. I thought I liked it but still wasn't sure about spending the money. My stylist let one of the other girls dry my hair one day. She used one when drying my hair. I commented on how soft and smooth my hair was. I usually get my hair flat ironed to get the same effect. She didn't have to. I called my girlfriend to see if her hair dryer was the same brand and it was. So I bought one. I love it and haven't flat ironed my hair yet! The only thing I was dissapointed in was that the warranty doesn't apply to the purchases from Amzon. I just hope it lasts for a long time so I don't feel cheated. Overall I am very impressed. I didn't realize that a hair dryer can make such a difference in your hair. I say go for it!
Dryer I really like this dry.  I works wonderfully, but sometime I tend to change the settings unintentionally due to the location of the switches.  It's a great dryer other than that.
Great This lotion turns you brown almost immediately but because it has a bronzer the deep tan doesn't last long unless you go to the tanning bed everyday. But it's good for a quick tan.
Great hairdryer Love this hairdryer. Using it in the Uk so had to purchase suitable adaptor . Works well with attachments and is very easy to use. Only issue is that even on minimum setting it gets quite hot so I won't be using it with the attachments all the time as I don't want to damage my hair too much.
Four Stars Great so far, no real complaints.  Works perfectly.
My granddaughter recommended this item and it works great My granddaughter recommended this item and it works great! The only problem I had is on the very end the teeth of the comb messed up.
Nice Tried many Dryers, this one seems the best I had. Salient point, hair does not burn, it dries. Which is what a dryer should do.
Very powerful and the low heat setting is definitely low ... Very powerful and the low heat setting is definitely low heat... most blow dryers low setting seems to be more hot than low.
it works for me! For the price I paid, I have no complaints. It works for me & gets the job done.. ... ...
Practical use I have been using wall-mounted hair dryers in hotels for years and always threatened to purchase one.  When I found this one I was pleased with the price, the wattage and the apparent look of it. When it arrived - I was very pleased with how easy it was to mount on the wall in my rather small bathroom.  I don't need a hair dryer for styling, just simple use each morning.  Seems to be working just fine and meets my needs.
Good dryer for the money Purchased this dryer after reading several positive reviews.  I have thick, curly hair that I dry straight with a paddle brush.  My hair is definitely softer and smoother (I also use a leave in conditioner, glossing gel and heat protecting spray).  This dryer has cut the time it takes to dry my hair from 45 mins. to 25-30 mins. (depending on how damp my hair is when I start)  The only reason I did not give it a 5 star rating is because after the first two weeks of using the concentrator tool on a daily basis it no longer fits snug on the dryer.  It doesn't come off during use but it does rotate around and I am constantly repositioning it which is a bit annoying.  I've only had it for a few months so I can't comment on it's lifespan.  For the cost, I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another one if the need arises.
good buy!! its works good..this is my 1st dryer so donno what to expect n all...works for for me..so far so good...using it from almost 1 year for now...no complaints ...
Four Stars love my dryer
Four Stars Daughter is very satisfied. Dryer does everything she expected. And a great price.
so far its working good It seems to be doing its job so I can't complain. I don't really use a hair dryer too often and I'm sure there is a lot better choices out there but for the price and the size ( easy to pack)  it seems it is a good investment. I would recommend.
Overall, great dryer that works as advertised! I have very long (to my butt), fine, wavy hair. Being Dominican, I remember going to the salon every Saturday morning since I was 10 with my mother so that we could pay 20-30 dollars for our lady to blow dry my hair.<br /><br />Fast forward a few years (I'm 30 now): I work full time, am married, AND went back to school. So, I don't have time to go to the salon and sit there for hours until my hair gets blown out.<br /><br />Thankfully, with my hair, all I have to do are rollers and sit under the dryer for 40 minutes and boom...no salon, nice waves, better than blown out! Much cheaper than going to the salon, btw.<br /><br />I looove that the dryer has a timer, which means I don't have to watch the clock constantly. The dryer gets VERY hot, almost too hot (I used the highest setting), but that means I spent less time under the dryer. It's not very loud at all, which I also like. Also, in order to adjust height in most dryers, one needs to turn some sort of knob, right? Not with this one! I just push it down as low as I need or pull it up as high as I need, and I'm done. Some people may not be used to his, but it works for me.<br /><br />When I do rollers, I only use the Jumbo/Extra Large ones all around my head. Even so, I'm STILL able to fit under and inside  the bonnet.<br /><br />I took off one star b/c it was a bit challenging putting it together. The materials seem a bit cheap, but overall, the dryer gets very hot, is not noisy, and makes it look like I went to the salon!<br /><br />Good buy, great value.
nice dryer It does what it is supposed to do, and reasonably priced. I don't see any difference from my old dryer though. Dries hair fast enough, has three heat settings and 3 speeds.
Good for what its deseigned to do Its a hair dryer whats to say. My wife wanted a hang up dryer and this one works well so far.<br />Only downside is the night light. Its a good idea but is a little too bright and there is no way to dim it. Overall a good buy
Great wall hairdryer This little wall hair dryer does the job, it's up out of the way, yet easy to grab and go to drying!  It's just a great idea for all home beautification!! I have very thick hair and I'm done in around 5-7 minutes.  A great gift for the friend getting married or for the graduate!!
Love Retractable Cord Ok so i have thick coarse hair and i was looking for something that can tame this head of mine. First let me start by saying I do like the retractable cord. Must have now. I like that five settings this offers, (hot,warm, cool, low, and high) i do wish there was a medium  but its not bad. My only thing is i can not use either of the attachments and i know that because of my hair, however there is always at least one attachment i can use, not this time. It gives you recommendations based on your hair what settings to use. Overall its not a bad dryer. Has many nice features just wish it came with more or different or even other attachment options.
Four Stars Great dryer for my hair.  Felt drying time faster
Nice compact hood dryer Works very well. You only have to be careful with lid which is much thinner than the lower half.
Oster Pro wall mount hair dryer More expensive than a regular dryer, but the wall mount took it off the counter.  Works well. We've had it in operation for about a month now.[[ASIN:B000RZLL38 Oster Professional 76932-710 Wall Mount Hair Dryer]]
good hair dryer Works pretty good.  I just wish it was a little hotter.
Happy I purchased, gets the job done. As much as I hate to admit it, in conjunction with the Cricket Technique 400 thermal brush, my hair is as closest to a salon blowout as I have ever gotten it! It feels light and airy like it does when I leave my hairdresser. It is relatively quiet, the design is very nice - I like the smoothness of the handle. Love that it comes with concentrator and diffuser as I use both since I have naturally curly curly hair! I am pleased with this and will update later if need be because I JUST received it in the mail today. I also have long hair and didn't have a problem with the back as some others have.
My wife is very satisfied with the gift that was purchased for Christmas My wife is very satisfied with the gift that was purchased for Christmas.  When she is happy I am happy and that is speaks volumes for the product.
Large and heavy but the heat settings are good Works great, heat settings are good, but it is very heavy and it's so long.  I had to stretch my arm way out so the heat wasn't too close to my hair.  Definitely not for travel since it is so big.  But it did dry my hair.
Nice little dryer Just what I needed. Didn't blow the fuse in my Greek apartment like my classmates' dryers. Could use an attachment to focus the heat.
Four Stars Good hair dryer for the price! thank you!
Vidal Sassoon Hair Dryer This dryer does a good job and wasn't too expensive. It has several different settings available.  I am pleased with this purchase.
Good buy This hairdryer was a good buy. I sent it to my sister and niece. They both have long, thick, curly hair and find the dryer strong enough to do the job comfortably. They tell me it was a good buy and they find it strong and a good performer.
Good value I bought this hair dryer because my old one stopped working.  This seems like a good quality buy, certainly for the price, but no professional dryer.
Lightweight and compact I chose this particular dryer because of the great ratings it received.  I am not disappointed.  I like that its lightweight and compact and that does not overheat.  I'm very pleased with this product and would recommend it.
Definitely worth the money I have been using the much more expensive Tan Towels brand for several weeks, but I decided to give these ones a whirl.  The Tan Towels were just getting to be very pricey.  I found that these ones work just as well as the others! However, it seems like it takes a few more applications with the Loreal brand to get the same color as Tan Towels, but for this price that hardly matters.  Some may even think this is a positive, because it allows you more control over your tan.  I used these every night for 3 days and I have a wonderful natural looking glow.  Not too dark at all and not overly noticable.  These are great for us fair skinned folks that only need a bit of color.  I'm not sure you can call this a deep dark tan, but that wasn't what I was looking for anyway. These take a bit of practice to use (since you can't see where it is going on), but after becoming an expert with the Tan Towels, these were easy. Always use a circular motion! Also, I found that putting a little bit of lotion on my writs after application really helps with the steaking on my wrists (this was a problem area for me). AND, I wash my hands immediately afterward and use the MUCH lighter Jergens natural glow lotion on my hands instead, this also helps with the streaking factor.
Great dryer It works well and dries my hair in a short amount of time...light weight too.  Also like that I can hang it up.
Nice Hair Dryer for my curls Like the color and the brush. Never use the combs although they may be helpful, but not for my curly hair. Wish it had more watts, but overall, like it a lot.
as advertised I like the designer look of this hair dryer. It is fairly quiet as advertised and the wall mount certainly adds to the convenience.
Hair Dried Fast Don't know if the Ionic Conditioning is working but my hair dries fast. Only use it once in a while since I use it to dry my hair on cold days.
Vidal Sassoon Tourmaline Ceramic Hair Dryer The color is much prettier here on Amazon than in person.  In person it is a much darker red, not as bright and shiny.  The attachments go on hard and the finger diff-user is just so large that it really can't be used effectively.  The back cover comes off for easy cleaning and it does, nicely and the screen is easy to clean.  The angle attachment works good.  For the price, it is a good deal.<br /><br />Still a Great Deal, Love my Hair Dryer.  I didn't use the Diffuser, so I sold it on Ebay and the hair dryer paid for itself  ;-)
Lightweight and easy to install Was easy to install (instructions made installation seem more complicated that it was) and works well (no louder than your average dryer).  I like not having to unplug my dryer, wrap the cord up, and place it in a drawer.  What can I say, a minute saved is a minute earned, and I reclaimed much needed drawer space by replacing my old, bulky, heavyweight dryer with this wall mounted one.  I only wish I had purchased it earlier.  It is also very lightweight so my arm doesn't get tired when I'm drying my hair.
Four Stars Does its job.
Great product but... I really really like this product. It does a great dryer my hair (I definitely get a salon quality finish with it).<br /><br />However, this is the second Yellowbird I've bought in 2 years. Both of these stopped generating hot air within 9-10 months. Just blows cold air. It's the oddest thing.
Great for travel I would have preferred to have an in between setting but am adjusting to the high speed/low speed. It is very light weight and small which will work great for traveling.
Four Stars As of now no complaints, It's quiet and does the job.
Great Dryer, [just a little heavy] As the name implies, this hair dryer is faster than average. It has ionic tourmaline ceramic to enhance drying speed. It is not red but a deep, darker pink...like cherry Pepto Bismol :)... It is just a little heavier than average so if you have long, thick hair you may have to arrange some kind of stand for the dryer for part of your drying time to avoid wrist fatigue.  The 1875 watts may be a problem in older dwellings which haven't been updated for modern electric needs... but not for the majority. We found it to be an excellent product. Best wishes. :)   2 year limited warranty    Features:  3 Heat settings  2 Air Speed settings  Turbo button  Cool air button  Diffuser attachment  Concentrator attachment  Removable Filter
At first glance... I thought I purchased a child's toy hair dryer. This is very small and doesn't feel very well made, but I have been using it for 6 months and I actually really like it! It works well for me - note that I have very fine hair, so if you have thick hair, it may not work as well. But I really can't complain and I would probably buy it again!
Four Stars A big loud, a bit heavy, very strong.
Great dryer Dries our thick African American hair quickly ( I have 3 teen age girls). Like being able to adjust the temperature. Like the mobility.
Great dryer that takes practice with fine hair. I love how lightweight, fast and VERY quiet this hairdryer is. The reason I dropped it to four stars is because it has a tendency to tangle my fine (not thin) hair, but the pros definitely outweigh the one con. Fine-haired women just need to be careful about pointing the dryer down the hair shaft to keep the tangles at bay.
Very nice My hairdresser comes to my house and this is absolutely perfect for home use.  The temperature is just right and the hood is comfortable.
Four Stars Still going strong and I use it daily
Excellent I really like this flat iron, no other iron got my hair so straight and shiny.  I particulalrly like the comb which really helps to straighten my ends, which is always the first to revert.  I will reccommend this iron to anyone with naturally kinky hair anytime!  My only issue was that sometimes it was a bit difficult to manoeuvre as it is kinda large.
A Natural's Must-Have I received the product on time. No problems are noted so far. I mainly use it for deep conditioning and to speed up the drying process of twist outs. Recently I used the brush attachment to blow out my hair. I used both high and low settings. It worked amazingly. If your a natural, you definitely should own this product. It has surely put some smiles on my face!
Great hair dryer Love this item. The heat is perfect for my hair and did i mention tht delivery was great. Came right on time!!!
works for me good price for perfectly functioning hair dryer - ions seem to control frizziness somewhat
Works great and it's worth every penny I don't typically like to spend $110 on a hair dryer. But, I would spend double for this one. It drys my hair quickly without frizzing it. Since I've started using this dryer, I don't need to use a flattner. My hair is already smooth after the dry. This is going to prevent a lot of damage on my hair. Maybe I'll be albe to grow it out now. The one flaw, is the dryer makes an occasional rattle. It sounds like a screw is loose. But, if it breaks, I'll buy another.
One Hand....Yes! Love it. Drys my hair fast and now I can dry with one hand instead of two hands. It gets really hot two. Only use the small comb attachment. I wish it had a thicker brush attachment.
works well good unit . a little pricey but i was replacing a 7 or 8 year old like unit so i did not want to change unit or mounting system.
Nice This is a wonderful hair dryer & so great to be out of the way on the counter!    Would have given 5 stars, but it was somewhat difficult to install.  The screws supplied were too small and the unit wobbled on the wall.  We purchased new, longer screws and fixed the issue.     It is in our quest bedroom and I'm sure will be a wonderful welcome to out of town quests.  Just like a hotel:)
It is a hairdryer This is a standard hairdryer. I can not say, as some have, that it made my hair look any shiner. It does dry my hair just as quickly as any other blow dryer.... no faster, no slower. The different heat settings are varied. Hot is really hot, so I just use the medium heat setting. I have only had it for a month, so I can not comment on its durability. I would recommend it, but, it is a hairdryer, I can not say it will make your hair look any nicer than any other hairdryer.
Grandma's new dryer This is an updated version of my previous  dryer.  Being a senior with less arm and shoulder strength  I Love the lightness... I found it easier to handle because it has a shorter snout...but, It's almost too powerful for my new short hair. Recently had to change to a shorter style and a soft perm because of some shoulder impending surgery. Now, wish it included a diffuser.  Before surgery, I used a curling brush and dryer for styling.  Can't wait to heal and get back to pre-perm and curling brush then I'll  really be able to use the power of this new dryer.<br /><br />Update: Five months later.  Shoulder has healed. Perm is history! Using just curling brush and dryer, I have no problems holding this dryer over and behind my head. The dryer is easy to handle, its well balanced, but quite a strong blow for short hair...and its pretty loud! Wish it had another setting for less power.<br /><br />I like it well enough that I purchased another, at Costco, just like it to have as a spare.
Great for a Eurotrip, not regular use I bought this for my most recent Eurotrip.  I used it in France, Italy and Spain with no problems (on the higher voltage setting).  It is compact but not as light as I was expecting.  Using this higher setting gives you only one setting option - low.  But the power over there is so strong that it feels more like high.  Even high though isn't that powerful, but gets the job done for basic drying purposes - probably not any fancy styles.  Make sure to set it to high with a screwdriver before you go- I had a heck of a time finding an object equivalent to a flat head screwdriver.<br /><br />In the States, this hair dryer isn't really worth using.  &#34;Low&#34; is like someone blowing out their birthday cake candles and high is like...well...not much more than that.  I will use this as my travel blow dryer only.
I LIKE CONAIR DEFINITELY NEVER LETS ME DOWN...I LIKE IT
Four Stars Nice
It's Great! This product is amazing. It dries your hair really fast and allows it to be as straight or as curly as you want. This is one of the best hair dryers I have ever had, and I recommend it to everyone.
WORKS GREAT I'd read some reviews stating this dryer had issues...but, I bought it anyway.  I have no problems with the hose falling out or it not getting hot enough.  Works great.  My only problem is that I had jumbo rollers in and the bonnet's opening was not large enough to easily get my head in without loosening the rollers in the process.  Next time, I'll just use smaller ones.
Four Stars It is sturdy and works as described.
everything pink bought this hairdryer for my daughter who ownes everything in pink.  She loves it.  It is light and has good airflow.   She also pointed out that it is not very noisy and of course, the color is just right. <br /> <br />
Good Product For the money, this hairdryer is hard to beat. I use it for other purposes than drying hair. It's easy to turn on, easy to adjust speed and heat settings. The cord is just the right length, the color is nice, it's just right. I can recommend this product.
Simple, Solid, Excellent Hair Dryer I bought my old Conair-- a very similar style-- in the late 70s and used it for nearly 30 years. Astonishing.   I replaced the cord, which had a crack near the plug, in the early 90s.  Thought about doing it again when the new 20 year old cord cracked, but in our throw-away culture, it's now much more expensive to fix.  I like this new one very much, mainly because it's very much like my old one, though this has a sturdier & safer plug with a fuse & reset button, a great idea.  Frankly, the cold air setting doesn't blow quite as hard as my old one, but the feature is hard to find, and this one still gets the job done. Overall, I'm very pleased and I'd recommend this highly.
Noise level I don't have much experience with hair dryers. That's my wife's responsibility! But she has mentioned several times that she finds this particular product noisier than she liked or expected.
Cracked Flap The dryer works fine but I purchased it for a birthday gift and the front flap is cracked. I believed it happened during the shipping,
Great hair dryer Love this hair dryer.  My hair is silky smooth using this.  The multiple heat settings are really  helpful and it dries my long fine hair very quickly.  Plus it is a great design.  Super happy!
Great hair dryer! This is a great blow dryer. It does not overheat. The airflow is not as much as my others; however, it does dry your hair just as effectively.
No issues with delivery, no issues with use Bought this for my daughter. Delivered as promised. So far (about 1 month later) working fine. She is extremely happy with the product. The only minor issue I see is that there is no base to secure it on the wall. It does have a loop, so I had to install a small hook on the wall to hang it from.
Four Stars good as any other
Ladi vs. Hairdryer This is my second purchase of the Sunbeam/Oster wall mounted hair dryer.  After years of enjoying the wall mount in hotels, I decided to buy one for my bathroom at home.  Best thing I could have done.  When my first one gave out...had to have another.  Plus:  Convenient, easy to use, out of the way of other things, and clean.  Minus:  Lower wattage means slower drying.  Would not like it for long, thick hair.  Cord could stand to be longer to stetch just a bit further.  Really like this product!
Warrantee period apparently reduced. Some reviews here refer to a 5 year warrantee. No doubt true at the time, but instructions now say one year and [...] return shipping fee.
Deep Brilliance Hair Dryer This hair dryer is wonderful!  I was worried before I got it that it wouldn't have enough power to dry my hair because I have long hair that takes a while to dry.  Once I recieved it and tried it out I fell completely in love with it.  It is the most quiet hair dryer that I have owned, it is easy to take the filter out to clean, it doesn't eat my hair when it is too close to my head, it doesn't burn my hair but the best thing is that it gets hot enough to dry my hair and has enough power to get the job done quickly. It does get a little heavy after a while but what hair dryer of that size doesn't?  The on/off buttons can be switched easily while using if held directly by the buttons but I haven't had too much trouble with that issue.
Hair dried and smooth in mknutes! Great dryer causing less frizz and easy to use. Relatively lightweight with two good setting. A minute or two on high followed by brief low and shoulder length hair looks Fab!
But for that button............ This hairdryer works fine, is light to handle and not too loud.  It does, however, have a burst-of-cold-air button which is difficult to use.  It's positioned in such a way that you feel it should be pushed UP instead of IN. This button is rectangular and flat, again making it look and feel like it should be pushed up and not in.  Trying to push this button IN is often somewhat difficult (too thin; too highly set) and takes several tries.  If it weren't for that button, which I seem to use a lot, I'd have given it 5 stars instead of 4.  Other than that, I do like this hairdryer.
Great for home shellac manicures! After getting a couple shellac manicures I decided to invest in my own home manicure set up and this light works great for doing your own nails. Fits one hand or foot just fine and has 2/3/5 minute timers. I won't go past 2 minutes so don't see a need for the other two really. Item was packaged well, with all 4 light bulbs, very easy to install the light bulbs and wa-lah - good to go! I just could not see spending over $150 on one of these lights for home use so bought this one. It works the same as the one at my local salon with one exception - no fan. Maybe that's the additional cost of the higher priced one and someday I may decide to spend that kind of money, but for a 2 minute curing this light is great. If you are into the new gel or shellac style manicures to grow your own nails long and strong it's worth the investment! You'll spend the same amount of money in 2-3 months as you will on setting up your own home manicure kit. I do feel bad for my manicurist so I'll probably still go see her for pedicures!
Great hairdryer This hairdryer works exceptionally well, and dries my hair in about half the time (10 minutes).  The only downside is that it is noticeably heavier than a regular dryer.
Does all I had hoped. Does all that I had hoped......helps to declutter my vanity top and dries my hair. As for the night light....I find that a plus....soft glow in the whole vanity area.
I love this makeup. this is the best makeup I have ever used.  It gives a lovely matte finish, and you don't need to use a lot.  doesn't promote breakouts, and is also a sunscreen.  It's great.
Good product but heavy. Great dryer, relatively quite, but heavy.
Works great A gift for my 11 year old daughter. She has thick hair and she has had no complaints with it
Great dryer if space isn't an issue this is a great little hairdryer - I ordered it for travel.  It's a little heavy and large for a travel dryer but most travel dryers are loud and cheap and take forever to dry your hair.  This one is as powerful as a full size dryer.  If suitcase space isn't an issue, this is the dryer for you.
Four Stars Great deal. Love it except it is a little heavy.
Strong and Sturdy Very well made.  Much quieter than most.  It does not have quite the power as I am used to.  Mounts easily on the wall.  I would definitely buy this again.
Four Stars works well
Looks great when the hairdresser does it but I get bored ... So, I got this in hopes that it would inspire me to completely blow out my hair.  Looks great when the hairdresser does it but I get bored about halfway through.  The jury is still out- three neat attachments that I have never in my life used and more options than I know what to do with- cool, warm hot and then high and low, and finally a cold burst....I'm used to just on or off!<br /><br />it is a little top heavy so not the most comfortable.  But so far so good.
mini mightiness I have quite a bit of hair and it has always taken me a long time to dry it with a dryer.  For as small as this baby is, it does a great job of drying hair.  It is probably not for someone who styles and brushes out their hair while drying, but I am a simple person and it suits my needs.  Love that it doesn't take up a lot of space and love that it's pink.  If you're not looking for anything fancy, travel quite a bit and want a dryer for basic hair-drying needs, I highly recommend it.
Great product and the only ceramic, ionic blow dryer with a retractable cord This is the only ceramic, ionic blow dryer with a retractable cord that I could find on the market and I am very pleased with it.  My fiance loves it because the cord doesn't get tangled or clutter up the bathroom counter.  I love it because it's a great size and performs well-- drying hair very quickly.  The only reason I hesitated from giving it 5 stars is that it is a bit heavy (because of the ceramic core, I suppose).  Lastly I think the product could be improved with a more ergonomic handle.
I wish it was a little bit stronger and a ... I wish it was a little bit stronger and a little bit hotter but it does the trick.. I have thick THICK hair and my blow drying skills are subpar so In the hands of a skilled person id say 4 stars!
but it installed easily. Not as powerful as I was hoping, but it installed easily.
Good Value-Great Dryer! I bought this after trying a Remington dryer at a friend's house.  I was so impressed with the speed and fluffiness of my hair that I just had to have one.  It was then that I learned that all hair dryers are not the same.<br /><br />This Remington dryer dries my hair twice as fast as my old one and the attachment allows me to concentrate heat where I want it, so I don't get the frizzies.<br /><br />This is the professional version of my friend's dryer.  It is noticeably heavier, and probably not necessary for a 2-person household.  On the other hand, it will probably last forever.<br /><br />It's dark brown with light pink buttons, which is aesthetically pleasing, but had no real impact on my choosing this model.
Does the job. I've had this dryer for 3 years now, it still works well, does the job.  There's nothing super fancy about it, I just like the color, had decent reviews and I like having a retractable cord.
Amazing I love it. It's quick, it's so pretty and girly and nice, but just one little issue-<br />The cold button isn't really letting out cold air like other hair dryers, and it only works if you keep pressing it, which can be quite tricky and therefore annoying.
Hair dryer I like having a small, but powerful hair dryer that doesn't take up much space in the bathroom or suitcase when needed.  Would have preferred the cord to be white so it wouldn't be as noticeable in the bathroom, but just a minor disappointment.  Also, the on/off/heat setting control is a little hard to move, which is why I gave it 4 stars rather than 5.
Wish it had cool air setting... This is a good product.  I've been using it for a month.  It installed well and is easy to use.  I knew when I bought it that it only had high heat and low heat settings, but I've been surprised by how much I've missed having a cool/air only option.  If they had a version with that feature, I would give it five stars.
Buttons!  Correct information I have this iron and love it - it is a professional quality iron which straightens and creates beautiful curls.<br /><br />There is some confusion aboutt he button placement - that you will hit them as you are styling, BUT YOU CAN LOCK IN the correct temperature...<br /><br />See information below from the manufacturers website<br /><br />Professional Features<br />*Titanium surface for ultra smooth, snag-free styling<br /> *Korean designed and engineered<br /> *Ceramic heaters generate fast heat up and instant heat recovery<br /> *Patented Pulse Technology庐<br /> *Variable heat settings, up to 450掳F<br /><br />*Heat Locking Feature: Press the button twice while the appliance is at the selected heat setting. The temperature setting will remain locked to ensure there is no accidental change during use. Press the button twice to unlock the heat setting.<br /><br />*Ultra slim, easy to hold design<br /> *Rounded plate edges to curl ends in or flip them out<br /> *Movable styling plates adjust to eliminate<br />gaps between plates for better hair contact<br /> *1 plates perfect for styles of every length<br /> *Digital temperature read out, for easy to read settings<br />*10 hour auto shut off<br /> *On/off switch<br /> *Hanging ring/ cord guard<br /> *8-ft professional cord<br /> *One-year warranty
Just what i need i am not picky on my driers, how ever the bigger i have always think the more strengh it has, so it is heavy, but i like it.
Great Dryer, Great Price Truly a great dryer! I ordered one for my mother, who then ordered one for her sister, so naturally I had to have one of my own! Significantly reduces flat iron time. I took a star because the brush attachment does not stay on properly. It comes off the dryer once or twice while I'm using it. I have a had an issue in the past with most style dryers tripping the GFCI outlet, but have not had an issue with this one.
A powerful hair dryer. Be careful with your circuit breakers. This is a very powerful hair dryer. It has multiple heat setting (low/med/high), 2 speed settings and a turbo boost which seems to increase the airflow, but not the heat. The result of the turbo boost is more air, but the air comes out a little cooler.<br /><br />It is comfortable to hold and feels solid. It is not too heavy. It does seem to dry my hair faster than other dryers, especially at the higher airflow settings.<br /><br />It is noisy (increased noise with increased speed/turbo) and it has a tendency to trip my GFI and it once contributed to blowing the circuit breaker for the outlet. That's to be expected with a 1875 Watt device.
Professional style, but not quality. Decent value. It's styled like a profession hair dryer, but it's not. It's not as solidly manufactured, especially the buttons. The high heat setting is slightly too hot, and the low airflow setting seems weak.<br /><br />This is a fine mid-range dryer and a good value for the price, but you will likely have to pay over $100 for a true professional dryer.<br /><br />My comparison dryer is the Elchim Professional 2001. That is a real professional dryer.
Great dryer, buying another! I have had this hair dryer for almost 5 years and it has never given me any trouble.  I use it on the medium or low heat settings, and the low speed because I have curly hair.  I also use a salon diffuser which fits perfectly (hard to do on alot of dryers).  I keep thinking the heat switch is going to give out on me because I change it back and forth so often during drying - so I'm buying another as a backup.  But so far, so good!
Seems great I've only had this a couple weeks but, so far, it's living up to expectations.  Very strong on high - dries my long hair quickly and is quieter than my old one.
Great for travel! I bought this hair dryer just to travel with. I used it in Ireland and it worked great. All you need is an adapter. Don't use a converter! The hair dryer will zap out the converter. My sister and I were both pleased with the strength of this little hair dryer (we both have really thick hair). It's light and compact, so it travels well. I haven't used it in the States yet, but I assume it will be just as good.
It works. More money makes for a better upgrade.
Four Stars Thought it would be more compact, for traveling. Just a little big but okay
I like it so far Lightweight and works fine so far.  I've had it about a week now.  Longer barrel than the one I had before it.  No cool shot button, only high heat and low heat, which is a little cooler but not much than the high heat.  My hair dries pretty fast with it.  It's a pretty good buy in my opinion.  My hair is long and fine and breaks easily is the reason I got it since ionic lower wattage dryers are suppose to be better for my hair type.
Great dryer Seems to be a very well made dryer.  Enough power for me with the two settings.  A little awkward to turn it on and off on the main piece but no big deal. We put it in a cupboard so it is out of the way.
but good Brush is a bit soft, but good product
This is an ideal item I bought for my wife who is hair stylist! This is a professional hair dryer that works with hair stylist is better than ever I guess...Because I didn't hear any complaint or comments from my wife so far!
Used this and seems to do fine. I only wish it had a little more ... Used this and seems to do fine. I only wish it had a little more of a powerful blow. May order one for my daughter. Great price and quality.
Great dryer for a good price I needed a dryer with a diffuser attachment to dry my permed hair, so after looking at a bunch of different ones on Amazon I chose this one. I think it's a great dryer for the cost. The diffuser works well and keeps my hair curly without making it too frizzy. It also dried it fairly quickly. I didn't like how long the cold shot button took to work. It would also be nice if it got hotter for the lower setting. Overall, for the price, I think this was a great buy and I'm very happy with it.
Powerful airflow I wanted a hairdryer with decent power/air output, that was fairly quiet, at a decent (consumer) price. I was tired of other weak hairdryers that didn't have enough air output, and found this one had the power to dry my thick hair. The finish is a nice rubberized maroon color that looked good too! It's pretty easy to hold, smaller in size and weight, and has a long cord. The lint screen on the back is easy to access too, which is often what causes a hairdryer to lose its air flow, so that's super handy.  I actually purchased a second one of these online (the first one broke, my fault, after I slammed it on the counter oops :S) after Wal-Mart stopped carrying them so I'm a happy customer reviewer (and I'm pretty picky)
Just what I expected Unit was compact and stylish.  Unlike most, it had a magnetic mount to hold unit in place where most might have cheap clips that can break.  My only complaint is the mounting bracket does not hold unit tightly and seems unstable.  I put an additional screw through the unit to hold it to the wall securely.
love this hair dryer I love this hair dryer.  When I read the previous reviews I was skeptical but I have heard really good things about this brand so tried it.  This hair dryer is very quiet and it dries very quickly.  I have thick hair and my old dryer was very loud and it got very hot but it made my hair feel hard and burned afterwards.  This one leaves my hair feeling very soft and manageable.  I love this hair dryer.  The buttons are in odd positions but I love the dryer anyway.
Works Well I like that I can get great results on the medium setting. Found that I only use the hot setting when I am in a rush. But be careful because it's gets really hot.
Buy this So far, an excellent hair dryer. Not too noisy. Good controls. The handle is well contoured. My only nit is that the little plastic attachment that directs the stream of warm or hot air pops off a little too easily.
Four Stars Okay
One Powerful Hair Dryer The Remington Ac2015 is a good hair dryer with a reasonable price point that will get the job done for which it is intended--drying hair.  The hair dryer itself is very sturdy (and a bit heavier than most) and the controls are easy to use.  But is it possible that a hair dryer can actually have too much power behind the air flow?  If so, this hair dryer would fit the bill.   The Remington is a work horse of a hair dryer that has so much power for air velocity it was almost more than I would have preferred.  It blew my hair in just about every direction imaginable, and it blew papers on the ledge in my bathroom all around the room.  So therein lies what might be a potential issue with the hair dryer.  If you are a person who likes to style your hair with the help of your hair dryer, it might be a challenge to find a setting to do that.  While using the high speed setting on the hair dryer, with a round brush, my hair tended to blow around too much, and made it hard to control the hair in the brush.  The low setting was a better option, however, when I chose to use the cool shot option to set the hair, it made the hair dryer speed go faster, and blew more air than if you left the button untouched.  I am not sure why the airflow would increase when you hit the cool shot button, but that is what happened every time I pushed it.  It almost seems to be an engineering oversight.  Anyway, after a few days, I gave up on the Remington, for styling specific challenges only, and went back to using my Tourmaline Tools hair dryer, which I like very much.  If ever there is a time I just need a quick blow dry, I would certainly reach for this hair dryer, and it is more than suitable for general every day use.
Very Good Hair Dryer... !!! I bought it for my Girlfriend (We are angry with each other for now) or possible Ex-girlfriend (If you are reading this review too late) and I've got to say that It麓s a very good Hair Dryer... She seems (At this moment) enjoy it... And She looks very happy with it... No complaints... Great product... Good price... 100% Recommended.
Works better than others I was needing a hair dryer that wouldn't throw the breaker when on high and this one is good although it did blow breaker one time but I had too many things going at the time but it hasn't happened since. It is handy to hold and turn on and off or adjust settings with one hand so this is a keeper for me!
Efficient hair dryer This hair dryer is a bit heavy and large but has good power and I really like the retractable cord.
Great compact blow dryer for travelling or small spaces! This hairdryer is very compact, great for travelling, and the best part is that it actually works despite its small size! Plenty of pressure and heat to get the job done. The only downside is that it does not come with attachments like a diffuser, which I typically like to use.
Four Stars Works very well. A little hard to mount on the wall . Careful measuments are needed
Company won't honor Warranty when Registering Product Bought the hairdryer for my wife. She was very happy with the performance.  When I went to register the product I couldn't because the sticker on the box that has the serial # was missing. I then found out through Amazon that they are NOT a authorized reseller therefore company won't honor warranty if something happens.
It's nice. I thought the cool shot had a locking ... It's nice. I thought the cool shot had a locking button, but it doesn't. That was the main reason I bought it. It does work well and it doesn't seem to over heat like me other one.
Great little hair dryer. I purchased the hair dryer to use in England.  It performed quite well.  It's very light and I look forward to using in future travels in the US and abroad.
Good. Good.
Because of the wider nozzle its seems like less air Dries fast and a bit quieter then my old dryer.  Because of the wider nozzle its seems like less air, but the dry time for my hair is the same.  Perfectly happy with my new dryer.
Four Stars This dryer works great, and I really like the diffuser attachment.  Great buy for the price.
Convenient Hair Dryer We've owned three of this model hair dryer now.  The first one lasted five years and the second lasted 4 1/2 years.  That's roughly $6/year which allows me to justify replacing the unit with the same model.   That and the fact that the mount is already on the wall.  Of course, we still have our backup hair dryer which is a Gillette Pro-Max that I received 30+ years ago when I was sixteen.   That one is still going strong.
IT'S GOOD, NOT GREAT...JUST GOOD I received this hair dryer yesterday and used it today for the first time...    What I liked:  -I was really drawn to the price and I still feel that it a great value.  -It has two settings; the low is nice and cool and the high is warm but not too hot. I like this because I try to use as little heat as possible.  -It has a lot of holes in the hood so it drys your hair very quickly.    -It's not as loud as I thought it would be.    What I didn't like and might also bother other users:  -I don't use rollers, but for anyone who does, this hood might be a bit small.  -I'm 5' 10 and the height is perfect for me, so if you are shorter that might be an issue. I used it at my kitchen table.  -There aren't enough holes around the back so about 3/4 way through you have to turn around with your body facing the machine. That's ultimately my biggest dislike about the machine.    Overall I'm happy with the item and I'd order it again. Hope this helps!
Four Stars Good product. Did not have problems so far and work as expected.
Four Stars Great just not happy how it cools down when I have it on for 5 minutes.
Very good It works very well, the three temperatures and speeds give you a good range of options depending on what you intend to do on your hair. The difusor has a good size and it's a great option for curly hair. I just didn't see a big result in reducing frizz, which can be hair dependent...
For Men Only! OK, Not Really... It makes me laugh that this product is touted specifically for men.  It's colors might be manly (red, blue, and black), but the hair dryer works equally well for a man or a woman.  My wife used it extensively.<br /><br />The dryer itself is very functional and excellent.  I have had it for a couple months now, and it still works perfectly.  With heat settings and a nice grip as well.  The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars is because they say it's for men.  Makes me laugh.  Still though, worth buying.
you wil  not be able to get a warranty from the manufacturer I really like the hair dyer.It is light, drys hair in half the time,but I had no idea that Amazon was not an authorized dealer. If you don't mind taking the chance paying $100 with no warranty,it's a great dryer.I think it is deceptive of Amazon to sell this product as new, and not let people know what they are getting into. Marianne
easy usage and accessibility This is perfect to keep your bathroom working area free for other things,good power, no more storage problems!!  Purchased another one for guest bathroom....
Love It!! My hair feels so soft after I use this dryer, not dry and frizzy. I use it w/the diffuser. I love it!!!
Great value A lot of power.  Heavier than some hair dryers that I have previously owned.  Doesn't get as hot as I would like it to, but still styles your hair effectively.
Four Stars Great dryer. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit heavy.
Nice product Got it for wife to replace old hair dryer she had and she loves it don't have to sit in one spot.
Fast! Was purchased to use oversees. Compact and light. Works super fast and does the job!
Not greasy I've been using this for about a month.  Not greasy. It moisturizes and puts a good dark brown tone in.
Good Purchase I wanted to have something that helped keep counters clear.  This is inexpensive and serves the purpose. Cords don't stretch out and looks organized.
Conair 1875 watt works great, sometimes cord re winder does not rewind all the way which can be a little frustrating. I had a model similar that lasted many years so when it died I bought this and it works the same and has the same issues with the cord winder. However I still like it very much as it does blow alot of air which is why bought it again.
Works Great! It works great! I love that it is compact and the cord is retractable. My only complaint is the cord is not very long. My outlet is above my sink in my bathroom so the length of the cord is fine for me there, but if I were using an outlet close to the floor I would not be able to move as freely.
Four Stars works very well
Very good product. It doesn't seem to get that hot Very good product. It doesn't seem to get that hot. I don't know if it just needs time to get broken in, or if the infrared technology just doesn't need the high heat. Runs VERY quietly and its built like a tank.
Wallmont Hair Dryer I love that my hair dryer is no longer cluttering up my sink area.  The cavity behind the wallmount is spacious and allows me the hide the extra power cord that I do not need.  I really like the night light too.  The 1600 watts may be a ittle underpowered for some but it is fine for me.
Big and heavy It's not that small, and quite heavy. It works reall well! But not really portable, or light enough to be a travel dryer.
easy to use basic starter hair dryer i use it to straighten my hair and it works for it. i do not use it for much else it does have a very fast dry and a slow dry it also comes with this bowl looking attachment and a this cover looking thing.
Did I get the right one? Just got this delivered today, fast service. Put it together, but the directions and picture show a power on/off switch, mine doesn't have one, and instead of Fahrenheit it is Celsius. The dryer goes on when you set the timer. The picture on the box also shows a on/off button. Other than turning it on, I haven't used it. Tomorrow I will try it out.
Gets hot fast. This thing pumps out hot air pretty much instantaneously. Great for people with no patience. It might be nice if it had more oomph on the high setting, but my girlfriend says the same thing so I guess I shouldn't throw stones.
Great little dryer Light weight and small and great power...very pleased with this little dryer.  Bought it for travel but may end up using for every day.
Good for the price This blow dryer is amazing for it's price. I wanted to buy an expensive &#34;better&#34; blow dryer, but my finances would not allow that and I settle on this one. I am, however, grateful I chose to buy this blow dryer. It has 3 heat settings, cool, warm and hot which is nice because i can put it on the heat setting which fits my hair the best. It is not ridiculously loud like some of the previous blow dryers i've own and the cord is sufficiently long. I would recommend buying this blow dryer, even over an expensive &#34;better&#34; one because i feel like it works just as well as some of the other more expensive hair dryers i've owned over the years.
Small but mighty My wife loves this dryer.  It is very reliable and has a lot of heating for such a small size.  Fits in your suitcase and does not take up a lot of room like the professional dryers.
Noisy but alright Does what it's supposed to, love the retractable cord, I dont really care about the color, inexpensive, but really loud. Oh well, can't have it all in life. Overall, it's a good product.
bigger than expected The hair dryer is smaller than my regular dryer but bigger than I would have liked. It gets the job done and I like that it folds in half.
decent dryer This dries quickly and the heat is gentle producing hair with less frizz that is sleeker and shinier than  the hair that older dryers produce.    The downsides are the bulk and the size.  I find the size of the dryer sometimes is offputting to move around the head- not impossible but alot better with a smaller dryer.  I also don't care for how poorly the labels for the heat and air settings wears- its only a few months old and already there's alot of wear due to how my hand usually grips the handle.  I notice this issue alot in Chinese made goods (especially keyboards), but its annoying nonetheless.
Four Stars Very happy w this ourchase
compact but does the job Great hair dryer for traveling, or for the gym, or for someone who doesn't have a large space for storage
This dryer is great for long hair I bought this dryer after reading customer reviews here. Overall, I like it.<br />PROS:<br />*Dries long, thick hair very quickly (I have over shoulder length hair and it only took 10 minutes, great because I have a 10 month old who doesn't nap long)<br />*Cord keeper (no messing with wrapping up the cord)<br />*Three levels of heat, Three levels of speed, cold shot (Anyone can use it, although I never use the cold shot feature)<br />*Comes with concentrator & diffuser<br />*My hair was fairly frizz-free after use (the Ion technology)<br />*Decent price (I purchased for 29.99 @ Target)<br /><br />CONS:<br />*Fairly heavy (Not friendly for those who have difficulty lifting/manuevering/arthritis etc)<br />*The cord isn't that long (If you were trying to dry your child's hair, probably be a pain)<br /><br />So, hopefully it lasts long. My last dryer was only $15 and lasted 5 years before it blew out.
Not Quite What I Wanted But A Good Dryer I guess I wasn't reading the description quite right when I ordered this dryer, I was hoping it had 2 levels of power plus 3 temps. But at low temp the dryer blows less air, and at high temp it blasts my hair making it hard to style. So I just use the medium setting - medium heat/medium air flow. I do really like the folding feature and retractable cord. They make it so much easier to store in a bathroom vanity drawer. It is not lightweight so don't buy it if you are looking for a lightweight travel dryer. It's more of a space-saver in the bathroom rather than the suitcase! I do like the Andis brand, not sure if I would buy this particular one again because of the temp/air flow issue, but it is definitely well made and worth the money.
Remember to send in warranty This is the second Andis 30130 dryer we have purchased.  The first one only lasted 6 months, Amazons guarantee is for 30 days make sure you send in the warranty if you purchase one of these dryers.  Liked the dryer is the reason we bought a second one.
Good Dryer for the Money I looked at blow dryers online for months before making this purchase, some costing hundreds of dollars.  On my wish list was a dryer with a salon quality motor for durability, variable heat and speed settings, ceramic, and ionic.  This dryer checks all the boxes.  The reason I give it four stars rather than five is because there is no ionic on-off switch (ionic on for smoothness, off for greater volume).  I was surprised and pleased to learn that this dryer carries a four-year warranty.  Many of the high-priced dryers had only a one or two year warranty.
Good enough I like this little hair dryer; it is small, lightweight and easy to use. The controls are in a good place and it does a good job. I only gave it four stars because even on low it blows pretty hard and is hotter than I would like it to be. For the price, it was a good enough deal.
This is great Ok, I am not a hair stylist, for that matter in a few years drying my hair will be an act of remembrance.  That being said, my wife, the primary user of this, loves this.  The dual heat and fan controls allows her to get just the right touch.  From my perspective, this is well built.  Heavier that the usual hair dryer and with an easily removable rear grate that will prevent the fan from burning out over prolonged use.  You will get many years out of this great dryer!
Did a great job My hair is very thick and curly. I used to to blow dry my hair as straight as I possibly could, and it did a fine job of achieving the results I wanted. It's sturdy and I love the attachments.
It really works :) I have been using this product for a few months now, and it honestly does work. Just make sure you get the pimple ASAP. I always get some pimples during, ahem, that time of the month, and it really is annoying, because I normally dont get any at all. Even if you have a big pimple, this will reduce it. It gets a tiny bit painful towards the end when its really hot, but not so painful that I have to remove it. It does leave my fair skin a little red, so I have my concealer ready. It does work,k better than creams and such.
GREAT VALUE Dryer is light weight but powerful. A lot of hair dryer for the price. I'm 6 ft tall and it would be nice if the cord was just a little longer.
Great small blower for home Great small blower for home, its compact and slick design.  Just make sure don't drop on the floor, it might damage the fan easily.
Perfect size, workded as expected Arrived on time. Perfect size, workded as expected.
Four Stars Received the item quickly. It is just as it was described.
No complaints so far.  Great value. Would be great if it had a rubberized grip around the handle for better control, but other than that, it's worked great so far.  Good power, heat on high is pretty good.
So Far, So good Was pricey, but so far, it is much better than anything else I've used. I have thick, coarse, wavy hair. Drys faster, feels smoother. I am impressed that it does make such a difference. I believe 5 stars are very rare, so really a 4 star is a good one. Just need to see how long it lasts.
Our Third This is an excellent, compact, easily installed and easy to use dryer.  This is the third of these units we have owned.
works well for us! Good, dependable, dries hair well, no major problems.  We like this a lot...my teenage daughter and I share use.  We both have thick hair and hers is long, too.  The retractable cord is not perfectly smooth -- it does not quickly zap back, for example -- but works pretty well.  The speed and coolness options are good, no problems with those switches as other reviews noted.  We've owned it @ 2 years and have had no sparks, smells, etc.
No frills hair dryer Initial use resulted in hearing a faint rattling sound.  I thought something was loose.  Have used it several times since then and I do not hear the sound anymore.  Does the job without bells and whistles.  Would purchase again.
Great compact dryer Purchased as a guest bathroom hairdryer. Between the retractable cord and the folding feature, it fits neatly in a drawer.
I love this hairdryer This is a great dryer.  Dries my hair very fast and seems to help with static electricity.  It's a little pricey but if you have long hair it's worth it.
Four Stars Great so far. Very lightweight. Not hard to use, simple basic dryer,
Conair Hand Held Hair Dryer Great little dryer and very reasonably priced! I bought this for my elderly mother.  Her hand held dryer had ceased working so this little dryer was the ticket! It is lightweight, small & easy to store, easy to use and it blows warm and cool air to dry my mother's hair! The most important part....she likes it, so what's not to love!
Oster 1500 W  Dryer This is a good addition to a bath room. Especially for short to medium length hair.Haven't tried it on very long hair.Not too noisy, easy to handle. Plenty of drying power.E-Z mounting to wall.  Bargain at this price.
Andis 30125 Wall Mounted Hang Up 1600 Watt Hair Dryer with Night Light I have to say this hair dryer is a really good product. It arrived when expected. I was very pleased that it contained a template so I would know exactly where to drill the pilot holes for the screws. I admit I had not seen that type of drywall anchor before and had to be extra careful not to knock them to far into the wall, but they worked just fine. My husband and I have been using the dryer for a couple weeks now. Just as other people mentioned, the nightlight is over the top, but I just use the GFI buttons on the plug to shut it it off. I love not having a hair dryer sitting on the counter. The only reason I removed one star is I wish the dryer had lower speed. It does have two speeds, but both are quite powerful. I would not hesitate to order again and probably will for the guest bathroom.
My mother really likes a Conair 225R Comfort Touch Tourmaline ... My mother really likes a Conair 225R Comfort Touch Tourmaline Ceramic 1875-Watt Hair Dryer that I got about a year ago, so I decided to let her have it and try a different one. I went with the Remington Ac2015 based on reviews. My hair dryer rating is based on speed and ability to keep my hair sleek and unburned, since I have plenty of hair and live in a humid place year-round. I have to say that while both the Remington and the Conair perform quite well, the Conair wins for me: it's noticeably lighter, and its sliding buttons are friendlier than the Remington's flipping ones.
Excellent travel dryer. Excellent travel dryer for our European trip.  The only downside is that when used with higher voltage you can only use one setting.  The low setting is high at 220V, but it worked well for our purposes.  I recommend this highly.
Loved It While It Lasted I bought this hair dryer about four years ago and it's been great. I'm really fussy about the air flow, most dryers don't seem to push enough air through to satisfy me, but this one is perfect. It drys quickly, and the heat settings are perfect. The only problem I've faced is about 6 months ago the product starts to make high pitched screaming/squealing noises, and they are LOUD. I like to dry my hair upside down, and I can't anymore because the dryer is especially noisy (I believe the fan unit has come lose and shakes around in the barrel which leads to the screeching). Besides that, it's lasted a long time, and it's a great product at a price you can't beat. After 4 years my current one is probably unsafe to use, so I am ordering my second one soon.
Not as Powerful I bought this to replace another Andis 1600W hangup hair dryer I have used for 13 years. I thought since it was the same wattage it would have the same power, but alas, it seems a faint imitation of the mighty blower I had before. AND, the control is on the back of the handle, which makes it awkward to use, whereas the previous dryer had the control on the side, in the perfect position for ease of use. This does the job, and I do like the included night light, but it pales in comparison to my original. Sigh.....
Just like a hotel room I was looking for a simple wall mountable hair dryer; just like the ones found in a typical hotel room.  This fit the bill perfectly.  Good enough for my simple needs.  It's worked fine with no problems at all.
Well, I purchased this item just for weatherizing my ... Well,  I purchased this item just for weatherizing my windows and it worked for that.
good product good product but not great, air flow not so great and brush attachment too soft but worth the price nnn
didn't receive the 2nd attachment for the dryer Great hairdryer but I didn't get the round attachment brush and I wanted that. I tried to find a way to let the know but didn't because the writing was Asian l will continue to try to order the round attachment
Great dryer for fine hair Despite trying many hair conditioners and smoothers, my hair remained dry and frizzy.  Finally, someone advised me it might be my hairdryer.  I needed the concentrator attachment.  I checked Amazon's reviews, and noted that this dryer did not work well on thick or long hair.  So, it seemed perfect for my short, thin hair.  And I am satisfied.  Even at the same 1875 Watts as my old Conair dryer, this one does not seem to get very hot and it does take longer to dry my hair, about 10-15 minutes longer. (I've had two ion dryers that claim to dry hair faster, and I don't believe it.)  But, I am better able to style my hair while I dry it, and am pleased with the results.  My hair looks shiny and has almost no frizz, even in the dry air of a heated house.
Professional at Amateur Price My stylist recommended this model to me.  She's used them (and others) in salons for many years and mentioned this one as a sound hair dryer.  I needed one at school after I started growing my hair out again, so I looked online for this model.    PROS:  -Classic design/substantial housing: has the potential to last years  -Multiple heat settings and fan speeds  -longer cord than most (8 feet instead of 6 feet)  -Low noise (more like a whoosh than a wine: shouldn't wake neighbors if you're in a dorm/apartment situation)    CONS:  -Heat settings are distinctive but not straightforward nor precise      Overall, I feel like I got a very good product at a great price.  I would buy it again, though not if it doesn't last.  I've only had it for two days and it seems to be doing well.
Good dryer Extremely long cord which can be a pain but dryer is very good. Light weight. Reasonable price. I would recommend.
Decent Hairdryer I have very curly hair & am used to blow drying it straight (have been doing it for >10 years) and using a flat iron to get it frizz free.  This hairdryer is not as good as most of the reviews made it seem: the nozzle only covers a small area, and I still need to use a flat iron.      However, the hairdryer is powerful--it cut 5 minutes off my hair drying time (20 min down to 15).  Another plus is that it is quieter than most.
It does work It's cheap, small, doing job (enough power). It may be good for trip, but the hotel I stay usually has a dryer, so I don't bring it. If you look for a compact dryer, then this is a perfect model as that price.
Worked Great in Italy I purchased this dryer for a trip to Italy & it worked perfectly.  It has a switch so I can use it in either the USA or when I travel abroad.  Please note the directions read to only use on low setting when overseas; but the air volumne was still very good & I have thick hair!  You will need an adaptor for it for international travel, but not a convertor.  Overall very good product, lightweight and durable.
My Ray Gun I love this dryer, it is sooo quiet.  It dries my thick hair quickly.  I like the attachment which directs the airflow.  My only complaint is the size of the dryer.  It is a bit awkward, and that is why I did not give it 5 stars.  I don't know or care about the negative ions, I don't think they do anything.  If you want your hair dried quickly, quietly, and shiny, then purchase this dryer.
Looks Very Natural, but Time Consuming Make sure you have a lot of time before you apply. Be sure to exfoliate, apply lotion to dry areas, and wear gloves. Only apply a small amount at a time, so you don't end up with streaks. If you take your time & do it right, you will love the natural tan results!
Works well I have one of these hair dryers in each bathroom.  They are easy to install, work well, and the night light is nice and bright (but not obnoxious).  My wife likes the power of this small dryer, but if you ask me they seem a bit on the loud side.  I think it is because of the very compact design - not enough plastic material to absorb the fan noise.
Good for daily, personal use. My previous dryer finally died.  I really like this one.  It doesn't collapse, but that was one of the breaking points on my previous one.  I like the  variation in temperatures & speed.  I took off the nozzle because it seemed to concentrate the air too much... I don't really like to spend too much time on my hair, just the minimum to make it look good.  The diffuser seems pretty good, but I haven't tried to dry my hair curly yet.  I really like that the back vent can be cleaned.
Not a miracle worker, but very clean skin I haven't seen any of the great skin improvements that are supposed to come with a Clarisonic, but I DO feel as though my face is very, very clean when I'm done using it, and that's a good enough reason to have it in my book.
A quiet, small, life-weight that does the job I've been using this dryer 3-4 times a week for about 3 months now.  The Infiniti is quieter, smaller (about 6&#34; high and 5 戮&#34; long) and lighter in weight than my old dryer, all reasons why I picked the Infiniti.  This dryer is so light-weight that it feels cheap, but so far seems to be working like a champ.<br />  This is my first tourmaline ceramic dryer, and it does seem to leave my hair smoother, but not enough that I'd be willing to toss my flat-iron.  I have thinner hair, about mid length between chin and shoulder, and I am able to dry it pretty quickly with the Infiniti.<br />  I'm a satisfied customer :)
crest 3d white strips At first I didnt like the way they went on , they kind of slipped around when placing them, but the stayed once they were in place, the stayed. after a few times of usage i did see some results. My teeth are whiter but next time i will purchase a stronger method
Great color! Overall, I like this hairdryer a lot.  The thing that first drew me to this hairdryer?  The color.  It's a bright, shiny, fushia color.  The make is very sleek and stylish.  Infiniti, by Conair, is light and easy to handle, even when you're using a brush with your other hand!  The best part of this hairdryer is, by far, the retractable cord, which makes it very easy to store.  The filter is removable, making the life of your hairdryer longer!<br /><br />Your hairdryer comes with a concentrator to help straighten your wavy or curly hair and a diffuser to give it body and life.  It also is equipped with Tourmaline Ceramic technology which, according to the box, generates ions that work hair molecules to help dry them inside and out... Ions smooth the cuticle layer... creating a silky, shiny look.<br /><br />I found the Infiniti to be a very usable hairdryer.  With heat options 'hot', 'warm', and 'cool', and power levels 'high' and 'low', there are plenty of way to dry and style your hair.  'Hot' never got too hot and 'warm' was perfect for my use.  Some hairdryers take a long time to cool down afterwards, but I am happy to report that the Infiniti cooled off quite quickly.  The retractable cord is also very handy.  One quick word of warning about the cord, it retracts VERY fast.  Be careful of fingers or retract it little by little and not all at once.<br /><br />From my experience, my hair did look straighter and more silky than usual, which might be due to the 'Tourmaline Ceramic technology'.  As mentioned before, I really do like this hairdryer.
Travel hair dryer This dryer is compact but heavier than I thought it would be. I like the way it folds, the retractable cord makes packing easy. The dyer is fast.
Good Product Heavier and clumsy to use, but the ion as well as defusier does work well with short hair.....well made and sturdy.
Ok, but not mind-blowing I had high hopes for this blow dryer.  Considering the high price and great reviews, I expected much more.  Some said it cut drying time in half, but I didn't find this to be true.  It works great, but I don't see any difference in my hair.  It's kind of heavy and it took a little getting used to as far as the different balance of the weight.  I don't think I would pay this much for my next hair dryer.
This hair dryer works well, dries my hair quicker ... This hair dryer works well, dries my hair quicker than others I've used in the past. My only complaint is the weight, could be lighter.
What a buy Bought this for my daughter. Very good buy, put in cart and went back to buy and it was even cheaper
Holding a blow dryer is annoying I have a calcium deposit in my right shoulder and am right handed. I really cant hold my blow dryer up anymore. I also am sick of holding it while styling with a brush with my other hand...!!  Its a pain, no pun intended. I bought the Blo & Go and I cant say enough as to how easy and convenient it has been for me. It took a few approaches with getting it on the mirror at first. You have to really push forward with a good amount of pressure on the suction area and then with the other hand press down the lever. But once you get the knack it really works. I have had it up on my mirror for a year. I just stand under it, turn it on and style or dry. You don't really know you need something like this until you used it--one of those products that every woman should have or great gift. I really do love it.
Four Stars I really like this blow dryer!  Doesn't frizz hair!
Room for improvement I love the speed with which I can dry my thick, medium length hair and really like having a brush attachment.<br />The only complaint I have is that the bristles of the brush are so soft that they flatten with the first use and are not at all effective in separating my hair while drying it.  If they would only make the bristles firmer, I would give this product 5 stars.
Happy with this one I've used this hair dryer for a week now - it's your average but good ol' Conair product.  I have always liked the Conair brand better than Revlon - they last longer.  The warm setting on this one is only slightly warm so it's easy to have to bump up to hot.  The cord is a little short compared to my last one (Revlon) but it doesn't impede usage at all for me.  The vent/trap is easy to clean and I don't accidentally bump any buttons while using which is nice.  It's not as heavy as I expected based on other reviews - overall happy with my purchase, especially considering the price!
Four Stars Works good
Not quite the old, but smells great! With my greasy face, the original gold colored acne wash cut through the sludge with a single pump of soap.  This new version requires 2 pumps, but smells 100x better.  I think the better smell is worth the extra soap.
Four Stars Works very good for the price but WOW it is very heavy and takes time to get use to
Great travel dryer. I love the smaller size of this hair dryer, which makes it great for travel. At 1875w, it's also still powerful enough to dry my medium-length, thick hair. (If you have thinner or shorter hair, it might be a good idea to dry your hair on the lower setting.) I also really like that this comes with two different diffusers, making it easier to achieve the style I want when drying my hair. This product was provided for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own.
So far so good... Had to switch it to the higher setting for my wife's needs, but it's working OK. We'll see in the future, as some reviews question it's durability.
Always wanted one I've wanted one of these things forever--since I first saw one in a hotel. Every time I went to a hotel, I wrote down the brand with the intention of ordering one. Finally my old blow dryer went kaput, so I had an excuse to purchase this one.<br /><br />First of all, I don't know why the photo shows it somewhat pearly looking: it's plain old white. Second, it was a bit larger than I expected and so it wouldn't fit in the spot I had chosen for it. I ended up having to mount it above a towel bar since if it was below it would either be in the way of the light switches or it would have to under the hand towels and make an odd bulge. So I put it in myself--didn't use the anchors as I think it will stay in place without. I hung a little picture next to it so it wouldn't look so out of place above the towel bar by itself.<br /><br />It works just as expected and I love having it ready to go whenever I am. One advantage I discovered with mounting it higher is that it's never going to get caught on knobs or anything else--a frequent frustration when I'm tired in the morning. We had our first really cold day here (in the South) and I found it's also handy for warming yourself up quickly when coming out of the shower; I've suggested it to my husband for that purpose (he's bald and otherwise wouldn't need it).<br /><br />I'll update my review if I ever have problems with it, but so far it's great--just have to get used to seeing it there on the wall.
Useful and parctical My wife was looking for a small hair dryer that would not to hot. This product was just perfect. It is small but powerful enough to dry hair quickly. It may not be good for someone with alot of hair. It has two speeds, high and low but only one heat temperature. It would be more helpful it had a warm and a hot temperature, but for the price it was well worth it.
Powerful, and Retractable Cord a Plus! I used this dryer for four days while staying at a Hyatt hotel. I was immediately impressed by how powerfully and quickly it dried my hair.  The retractable cord was an instant hit with me as well; the cord on my current dryer is presently tangled up all over my bathroom sink.<br /><br />It is a bit heavy and bulky (I wasn't aware that it folded).<br /><br />I wasn't in the market for a dryer, but I liked this one enough after my hotel test-drive that I will be purchasing one immediately!<br /><br />Update Nov 2012: So, I've used this daily for a year. A good dryer, I must admit I don't find anything particularly different about this Ionic dryer as compared to other dryers (e.g., I can't say my hair is shinier or more manageable). Still, a good, but heavy, dryer. I'm still enjoying that retractable cord!
Travel convenient  compact hair dryer This is a fantastic little hair dryer. I bought it two weeks ago after reading the reviews and absolutely all the positive reviews about it are true. I love the power it throws out. It is quick and nice in doing its business. It is a little noisy but I guess that is something which I felt in my previous dryers from other brands too. A point to note however is that though the product description indicates ...and removable concentrator make this a versatile styler..., there is no concentrator that I received in my package. So if you are looking for a hair dryer with a diffuser or concentrator, then this product does not come with one and you may need to search and buy one separately.
IONIC DOES NOT EQUAL MOIST HAIR I  purchased this product because I understood the Ionic feature does not allow your hair to dry out.  Not true, my hair gets very dry but it is a nice dryer.
Like I used this first in a hotel and thought it blew my hair dry faster.  Bought for home, still love but wish it was a little less bulky.  A little heavy and hard to blow the back with a round brush and hold onto at the same time.  But it drys quick and I still like.  Love the retractable plug.
Works well and folds nicely This hair dryer is fast, it folds down well my only beef is that is sometimes sticks and the cord soesnt retract all teh way. but only by about an inch or 2 not a huge deal!
Nice but loud I picked this model because it didn't have the goofy nightlight and it is the same one they have installed at the local healthclub.  The quality seems on par with ones I've used in hotels, but it is loud on the highest setting.  My wife thought it had too much force with the nozzle on the front but you can take it off with a quarter turn.  Comes with those standard plastic inserts for drywall, but I used they kind that look like a big spiral that you twist right into the drwyall with a screwdriver.  It's pretty easy to mount with the included template or just use the metal backplate to mark the wall.  Shipped in a no-frills plain brown box, so I would imagine that it is marketed to hotels and installers that order them in bulk.
great works great and dries hair fast.  only complaint is the cord is not long enough for me to plug in my cabinet
great hair dryer This hairdryer has adequate heat, but excellent air flow, which I prefer.  The higher-heat dryers without the airflow just seem to bake your hair dry.  The retractable cord is only 4 ft. long, but again that's adequate in most situations.
Would of given it a 5 star if the handle were more ergonomic This thing is still great even though it has a kinda awkward handle, but that's what allows it to fold, so it is a necessary evil. Never had a device with a retractable cord work so well either. If you want a compact well drying hair dryer, this is a no brainer. I would definitely buy it again.
good I put this product on around 5 am before I went to school It stayed on most of the day. by around 9 pm the winged cat eye I had made with this eyeliner had faded somewhat. then when I went to remove the product I found it rather easy. Even though it is supposed to be Waterproof, it came off easily with a tissue and some water. I love the product though. Very pigmented.
Oster Professional Wall Mount Hair Dryer I enjoy the compact size and the wall-mount comes in handy when you don't have a lot of counter space for hair dryers.
wall hair dryer Great product!! Although, it has only 2 temps: low and high, which is not really too hot at all. I would've preferred a Medium in there, and then<br />a Hotter temp for High... but, all in all, this product is perfect for me. (My hair is thin.)
Dry your hair! This thing works at spewing hot, warm and cool air.  It's not terribly big or terribly loud.  I have not used the accessories, but it's built pretty good and it has a nice hook on it for hanging it up.  No complaints so far. Get you one!
seems decent.. Seems to work okay. I haven't really had the chance to try it out yet. I pulled it out of the box and tested it, so for now its okay. The hair dryer and attachments are much smaller than I imagined. Its a normal size hair dryer, however I'm used to a much bigger one by Revlon. Hopefully this one matches up well to the standards of the Revlon products. I figured I couldn't beat the price....
Ionic Heat This product does justice to those who have thick, full hair to even silky fine hair. I have used several blow dryers and this one has help protect breakage, it's easy to use and to store, and eliminates me from oiling or heating my hair as much without it's Ionic Ceramic Support. The heat and wattage combined helps keep my hair shiny, healthy and straight. Less use of flat-iron and pressing comb!  I'm a Satisfied Customer! : )
Great price and performance Some have commented that this blow dryer is heavy. It doesn't seem heavier than any other powerful dryer, and it dries hair twice as quick as others we've had that are marketed as professional strength. My daughter's hair is thick and very long. I'm sometimes asked to start drying it while she puts on her makeup. It's a request I welcome: any moments w/my daughter who goes away to college are stolen. It's a far shorter task with this dryer, and neither of us end up sweating.     Re comments about the attachments not staying on the nozzle. I duly noted that, and therefore it did not frustrate me when I found that was sometimes the case. We're not big attachment users, and I know where the duct tape is! Given its overall performance, it isn't a deal breaker. I've paid a lot more money for a lot less. If this has the staying power, and doesn't burn out faster than more expensive ones we've had, it will rank as one of my best buys from Amazon.
Good for price Good price
great dryer I bought this for my daughters' to use in their bathroom. It is out of the way and no cords on the counter. The green night-light is bright, but the girls like it since it brightens the bathroom up at night! They can remove/replace the dryer by themselves (they are 5 and 10 years old). They don't have to squeeze anything to remove it.  Just gently pull. It is quiet with high/low speeds. I did NOT use the anchors/screws that came with the kit. Since I had young girls who would be pulling the dryer off of the wall and may not be so gentle, I replaced those with drywall toggle bolts. It is nice that the GFI is built into the unit and not on the plug so that the plug does not block an outlet or have to plug into the bottom outlet only. I recommend this product. Only reason for 4 stars is because of the hardware they sent with it. There is no way I can see those screws and anchors staying in the wall with people pulling on the dryer to remove it!
good but could use a lower setting I don't use a dryer often so this dryer works fine for me. I found it well balanced, not too heavy, not too loud, and it did dry my hair fast. The only thing I would have liked is a lower setting that doesn't blow quite so hard. I have very fine hair and even on low this dryer blows my hair all over the place. I'm not sure I would love it if I needed to use a dryer on a daily basis but for the occasional quick dry user it is fine. Another possible issue if you don't have very long arms you may find the nozzle too long with the directional attachment in place. It adds a lot of length to the end of the dryer bringing it too close to your hair which can do damage. It does have a cool setting which I did like, it takes longer to dry but it doesn't damage fine hair.
Lightweight and quiet Dries hair relatively fast. The only disappointment would be the quality of the switches.  They seem flimsy and may not hold up well.
Great Hairdryer Great Hairdryer, affordable price, delivery was quick, like the packaging and the extra hair drying tips you get by email. Wishing it had a little bit more power in the cool blast but no big deal. Im pleased that I bought this product to replace my old hairdryer which took 20mins to dry my hair, happy to say it has cut the timing of drying my long hair down to 8minutes and leaves my hair smooth enough not to use the GHD hair irons. Only major downside is that it is quite noisy.
Great Small Hair Dryer I bought this to replace and supplement a 1980s version of these compact hairdryers after trying one that advertised as &#34;compact&#34; but really only featured a folding handle that was prone to folding while in use! This one is the nice true compact type I like.  It also has decent quality of wire (some of that cheap wire nowadays hardly bends), and the cord is a generous 6 feet. The long cord is also a big selling point since a lot of the newer dryers have 4 foot cords.  I cannot comment on the international power settings since this will probably only be used in North America.  It does have 2 separate blowing speeds. The high speed is good, but my older dryer is just a little more powerful.  However, this one is good enough and the controls are set up for easy one-handed usage, with high, then &#34;off&#34; then &#34;low&#34; all on one simple power button. My hands are arthritic and this is much easier button placement than having the buttons on the front of the handle.  Also has a hanging loop as shown in the photo and I will be using that rather than folding the cord up after each use to store it.  Overall, this feels like a high quality product and over the past month or so I have used it, has been excellent.  I would buy it again, and no stupid folding handle to try and get &#34;compact&#34; rating.
Good things come in small packages Needed to get a less powerful blow dryer when I moved to a place with crappy outlets that were killing my other dryers. The MiniPro is super tiny and looks like it could be for a doll, but surprisingly works great for me. Made well and feels sturdy. My dry time seems to be shorter. I have fine hair though. My stepdaughter has long medium hair and it dried her pretty quick as well. Love the color. Very light weight and will be perfect for travel. Especially love the travel bag it comes with, so cute! Been using this dryer a few weeks now and no complaints. Only wish is that it had a cool setting.
Great dryer This dryer is quiet & effective, especially for the price. I'm very happy with it!
No Warranty I can't say that I have any complaints about the way this product works. My expectations have been met. However, I was very disappointed that they would not honor the warranty because they said that Amazon is not an authorized seller. When I paid $160.00 for a hair dryer, I hoped I could get a warranty.
Wall hair dryer For the price it was not bad
Tried and true Tried and true.  My last Conair lasted 15 years.  I was so glad to see the style was still available.  Compact, but has power.
conair hair dryer The hair dryer is efficient and easy to use.  It has enough power to dry one's hair in a very short time without being too hot to bear.
Four Stars It is good and I am satisfied
A Consumer Report Recommendation I usually look up Consumer Reports on most of my purchases.  Over the years they have proven to be trustworthy and my purchases at their recommendation has saved me money and headaches.  The Revlon hairdryer has just been purchased but I like it already.  It is priced affordably but has many options and handles easily.  Not disappointed in the least.
Very good, one small issue This replaces a Revlon ionic, ceramic unit that has worked well for several years. This unit is smaller, lighter, just as powerful and much quieter. The only minor gripe is the thumb-slide switches are a little tough to use. Not insurmountable, but if the ribs on the slider were a bit taller, this would be a non-issue. I like the black finish...it is a rubber-like non-skid. This helps keep it from slipping off the counter. All in all, a pretty good unit. BTW, this unit does emit ions and they cannot be switched off.
GOOD JOB / NICE WEIGHT I purchased this over a year ago and my husband and I are very pleased with the results.Has a very professional look and performance
Just finished my first self-haircut. I can't believe how easy this is.  I just finished my first haircut.  Took me maybe 10 minutes tops.  Did it entirely by myself, and I can't say there is any real difference between what I feel and see in the mirror from when the barber did it.  And no one else has noticed any difference or mentioned it. I always told my barber anyway not to shave over the ears and around the back - just at the bottom of my sideburns.    I am delighted I made this purchase.  I would not recommend this to anyone who has hair much longer than a crewcut, however.
Four Stars I loved the Remington iconic ceramic hair dryer.
Powerful dryer! I love the Yellowbird! I have very long hair and it holds up to drying my hair, as other dryers wind up overheating before my hair is dry. Not this one. It is powerful, unlike many other dryers, and I love the Cool setting that is continuous instead of being a cool shot.  I would reccomend this dryer for anyone with thick, long hair.
Pretty powerful dryer This product is definitely high powered.  It does not get as hot as I would like but the blowing power is almost too much, I have long hair so if I use it on high it does tend to blow so hard it knots my hair.  I do like the attachments I use both of them frequently and with the attachments on the blowing power is not enough to tangle my hair so I would recommend using the attachments, or using the dryer on the low setting because it works well.  I love the twist on and off lid by the motor because it is easy to clean.  The motor does get a funny scent if it is used for a longer period of time but that might be expected because my dryer is only about 2 weeks old.  The dryer also isn't very loud so that is another plus.  Overall it is a good dryer and I feel confident in recommending it, plus the color is amazing it stands out.
Professional hair dryer that makes a difference I gave my daughter, a hair stylist, this Panasonic hair dryer to try out.  She liked it so much that she took it to work and replaced her other dryer with this one.  She told me that no matter what hair type she worked on, this hair dryer made the client's hair look fuller, and silky.  Maybe it's the &#34;nanoe technology&#34; that makes the difference.  She also liked the extra long cord (9 ft).  The only negative thing was that it's a little on the heavy side for home use, although professional hair dryers tend to be that way.  Imported from Thailand.
Fast Dryer I really thought the ionic drying system was just tech hype, but this thing really dries quickly!  We use it mainly to dry the dog; just point it at a spot on his fur, and it's dry within seconds.  It's a BIG dryer, and not as quiet as we'd hoped - still scared the dog a little at first.
Prefer older model but works as advertised. Bought this unit to replace a Sunbeam 1500 watt model that had a broken fan blade (was dropped on a tile floor).  I miss the three temperature settings available on the older model.  This one only has two.  Otherwise it is a good product.
Four Stars excellent, so good!
Great product for the price This is a great dryer for the price.  Occasionally I have trouble retracting the cord, but it always seems to get figured out.  I'm buying a second for travel.  :)
Great dryer Works great, quiet, fast-drying.  Took away 1 star because it is a little on the heavy side, and the placement of the switches is a little awkward.  Otherwise very satisfied.
Happy...would buy again Overall, very pleased with my purchase.  The diffuser stays on, which was a problem with my previous dryer (so much so that my little dog has learned to sit outside the bathroom when the hairdryer is on since the previous diffuser constantly jumped off and attacked him).  What I like most about this hair dryer is that it is quiet....really quiet...a big plus!  I think my only dislike is that the on/off is above the heat setting.  Where you naturally hold it your thumb is closest to the heat setting, so every time I go to shut it off I hit the temp instead.  Sure I will get used to it, but is something that should be fixed in future models.
Works great Girls love it but the lid is a bit fragile
Great product for the price It's o much better than lotion!!!! I've been using lotions and going to tanning beds for a while, I decided to try this just because it was on sale and it turned out to be great!!! YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW DIRECTIONS to get expected results... and everytime you apply it you get better at it. I like to apply it right after a shower (use lotion before applying). Great natural color, dries quick, no weird smell, doesn't turn pamls orange, doesn't tranfer to clothes
Very good hair dryer I have never owned an professional hairdryer. Mine are usually fairly cheap (under $25). That  being said, this is the best I have seen in it's price range. The attachments fit without being whipped across the room for no reason like my others and it dries hair twice as fast as my previous. I don't have as many split ends either. For durability it has held up fairly well being used at least once daily by a complete klutz who drops things. Never any damage, cracking, or peeling. It is also quite pretty! Some say it is heavy in the reviews. While I was used to a lighter one, I only noticed a weight difference the first few times before it seemed normal to me. The only issue I have had with it is that my long hair will sometimes get sucked in the back. I have learned to keep it held higher. And since it is slightly heavier than my last I guess I get a light work out while doing so, lol. Overall a very good hair dryer and I would recommend.
you're hair will love this. Gives my curls volume without frizz Curly girls, you're hair will love this. Gives my curls volume without frizz. My hair dries quicker this this dryer, but it is not super hot. The shape of it allows you to shape your air while you dry it. If you have curly hair, get this now! I do wish it had some sort of attachment that was similar to a concentrator so I could blow dry parts of my hair out. You can take off the diffuser attachment but it's not hot enough or concentrated enough to make my hair do what I want for that type of style. I have to use a traditional dryer if I am doing something other than just being curly.
Great Value/Results! But Packaging Peels Over Time. First Amazon Review... So I bought this hair dryer as my main hairdryer at home. I typically use the WARM setting. Overall, great finish and works very well. Despite me using the warm (not hot) setting, the thin film of plastic over the barrel and handle slowly started to peel off. Not a big deal, but definitely worth noting, in case that bothers you. It's doesn't look so pretty now, and I've had it for about a year.<br /><br />Overall, great value for the money and excellent results, but the packaging I'd give a 4/10, they could have done better.
there's only one thing wrong... I would prefer a separate low, medium, high switch for temperature from the low,medium, high for the fan.  This has a single low, medium, high for temp+fan, with a push button to allow for no heat, just blown air.  The retractable cord, and folding handle, though, are the real pluses that save the day.
Four Stars Great but a little on the loud side
Good value Very powerful fan, it seems my hair tangles more easily because it blows so hard but on the other hand my hair dries faster. Otherwise a good blow dryer.
Four Stars Great for travel.
Meh. It's fine... It's fine.  Not much diff between warm and hot settings.  Pretty standard hair dryer.  Dries my hair- that's it.
Works well I have been using this for the last 2 weeks. And for the money is a decent buy.<br />It's retractable wire is another plus. cannot comment on the longevity for now.
Four Stars Works great but a little heavy.
It could very easily break and be unrepairable I can see why other reviewers found the parts to be flimsy and plastic.  It could very easily break and be unrepairable.  But the heat is steady and well distributed.  The cooler setting does not burn my scalp and the hotter setting is great for a quick blast to get drying started on my long hair.  I will say to be very careful with the plastic parts and it should be fine.
Secador de cabello este secador es peque帽o liviano muy ligero es bueno. ojo no es par mi, es para mi esposa y a ella le gusto mucho y mas le gusto porque fue un regalo de mi parte...  comprenlo con los hojos serrados
Infiniti Conair 223NP Hair Dryer Affer Ownership Very sturdily built. The spring loaded wind-up cord works well and has a powerful motor. I gave it a 4 Star rating for two reasons. 1) I think it's kind of heavy and 2) the slide switches are difficult to operate on the skinny handle. They may want to consider push buttons that lock and unlock as well as using some light weight manufacturing materials or new style servo on the next model. Yeah.... Chinese,  Right?<br />After using this hair dryer that I purchased on Nov 23 2013 as it turns our I was correct in my assessment of the cheap switches. They failed today August 27, 2017. You may argue that just south of 4 years is plenty for a hair dryer, I'm disappointed in this product. Many other hair dryer manufacture's produce a product that lasts twice as long. You be the judge..........
Like the Brand Andis apparently makes products for beauty salons and barbershops.  It shows in the products that they make for the general consumer.<br /><br />Bought this model because of the retractable cord.  Great feature if you don't leave your blow dryer on the counter all day and are sick and tired of wrapping five feet of cord around the handle every time you're done.  It hangs up when it retracts every once in a while, but it keeps the cord out of the way.<br /><br />This model has more settings than you can think up reasons for.  Two power settigs - 1875W and a second lower setting I never use.  Three heat settings and three blower settings.  And then add a cold blower setting.<br /><br />Only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I also bought an Andis traveler blow dryer (RC-2) for the gym (w/ retractable cord and folding handle) that I like better;
Best Type of Hair Dryer out there!! I just started using an ionic hairdryer recently after my cousin requested one as a Christmas gift. I used hers once and I was hooked. My hair is long (mid-back long),wavy and usually frizzy if I don't use straightening products or a blow dryer straightening hair attachment. It used to take me atleast half an hour to completely dry my hair straight on a regular dryer high setting. With the ionic dryer my hair (WITHOUT any balms, gels or attachments) is super shiny, has lots of volume and dries in half that time and has gotten more straighter! There is an even better newer model Conair IonShine Dryer 1875 that has a more ergonomic handle with better settings and buttons. I would recommend this to all my friends and family.
Quiet and powerful, but buttons could be better... Excellent hair dryer, but my impression is that the controls could be a little more ergonomic.  Quieter than most hair dryers, I particularly like the small rubber nubs on the side which help keep it on your counter.  3 fan settings and 2 heat settings (3 if you include heat off) plus a &#34;Cool shot&#34; button.
It serves it's purpose- lightweight and easy to use. I purchased this haridryer for one reason- I broke both of my elbows in a fall and needed to have a lightweight dryer to use after the splints came off.  This hairdryer is by far the lightest I have seen and it has been easy for me to use.  This may be important for people with muscle/nerve/arthritic issues and should be considered for this reason. There are only two speeds and settings so you can not have high heat on a low speed and visa versa.
Gets the job done My daughter hated having her hair dried, so we bought her her very own hair dryer.  She loves Hello Kitty, so she loves that it's got the Hello Kitty stuff all over it and that made her comfortable using this item. It works fine.  We don't use it for any high end styles - just to get a toddler's hair dry before she goes to bed.
Four Stars Works great and I love the retractable cord.
Very nice unit for the price Easy to use, easy to handle, easy to hang up when done, works very well. Fairly loud but not obnoxious.  Seems very well made.
A very good hair dryer...but a little too loud. I've found this hair dryer to meet my needs drying my longer hair, and it's a much appreciated lighter weight than my last one. However, I do wish it was a little quieter on high speed, or else have a medium speed setting to select.
Great little travel hair dryer. I purchased this for traveling, and like that it has both diffuser and concentrator attachments.  I wish it had a cool setting but I can live without it for he price I paid鈥攁lthough I see it's come down in price a little bit which makes it a better value.  The storage pouch is very handy to keep counters less cluttered.  I checked out some mini hairdryers that cost up to 5 times as much鈥攏o way for something I may use 3 times in a year.<br /><br />I just wish t had a flat diffuser without the &#34;teeth&#34; 鈥?I used to have that kind and prefer it.
No-nonsense dryer This is a simple and effective dryer for those who are space-conscious and don't want any frills.  The low setting is only useful for people with short hair as it is little more than a breeze (which works pretty well for my hair).  The high setting is powerful and would dry anything but a wookie in a fairly short time.  Great for travel as it is light and compact.  It does make a good bit of noise on high.    Not perfect, but definitely worth the price!
Everything works as expected My wife has an abundant, curly head of hair, and when her dryer took its last breath, I looked for a replacement with both ionic and heat sink (ceramic) qualities to efficiently dry her hair without damaging it.  Because of size and weight, it's not well-suited for travel, and the retractable cord does not fully retract, but from reviews I've read, this type of mechanism is problematic more often than not - you just live with the fickle function when you choose a model with both a retractable cord and a folding handle.  That said, pumpkin seems content with her new dryer.
Loved it. Loved it.Every dollar i spent for this hairdryer was worth it.Every diff-user accessory comes with the hairdryer is better than the other.Especially the one that has o comb in front is extremely convenient for hair-straitening.
Four Stars Perfect
Very nice hair dryer This is a nice basic dryer.  I don't like the huge dryers, so I bought this for home use to replace a similar sized one that I've had for 15 years but was really ugly.  Aaaaaand, it dries my hair, so no complaints there.  The only thing I don't like about it as compared to my old jungle print dryer is how loud it is.  On high this thing is like a rocket taking off, so I wouldn't suggest it if you often blow dry your hair at three in the morning.
Too much electricity use I bought this hairdryer to get the benefit of the ionic hairdryer (less damaging, faster dry time, etc). The problems I had with the hairdryer were 1) The silly placement of the on/off button (it's right where you have your hand, so you're constantly turning it off), and 2) The high amount of electricity it uses. It kept on tripping circuits both at my house and at other family members' homes over the holidays.       I tried to find another ion hairdryer that used less power and was surprised to find out that the standard for hairdryers now is 1875 watts. That's the equivalent of over 30, 60-watt lightbulbs! I did manage to find the IGIA ion hairdryer that uses only 1200 watts. I don't like it as much as the Conair, but at least I'm not running downstairs all the time to switch the circuit breaker!
Good Hair Dryer, No Need for Light Great hair dryer....lose the night light. It's quiet and easy to install.  If you keep the light make it any color, except for green.  I thought ET was sleeping in the bathroom.
NIce Professional Hair Dryer The dryer works great. Bought this as a present for my wife. Had a rough time assembling it b/c the screws supplied didn't fit or screw nicely in the holes provided for the base. I quick trip to the hardware store to buy some better fitting screws seemed to do the trick nicely.<br />Other than that everything was as expected.
Really heats up! I really ordered this for the price and color.  I was very surprised to realize how hot it gets.<br />I never use the highest heat setting. I don't think I could stand it!<br />This dryer gets hot and very rapidly. I don't feel the need to go above the medium setting.<br />Don't want to trip a circuit or melt it.  Pretty powerful!
Does the Job / Lightweight Can only use on the low setting (which is all I use anyway) as the high setting causes immediate overheating.  I really like this dryer from the standpoint that it hardly weighs anything and doesn't make my arms tired (from the weight of a bulkier dryer) while using.  Have been using it for months and it has been reliable (as long as you don't need the high setting).  Has enough heat (even at the low setting) for efficient drying.
Four Stars I have this dryer for a few years now and is still working great
Hair Dryer Works like a charm.  Doesn't get hot enough to burn your scalp and the attachment helps to better focus the area you want to dry.
It Dries Hair Bought it for my wife.  It dries her hair.  I have used a few times to heat up some metal a bit when applying a protective coating.  Made sufficient heat.  I say it would be just fine for your hair.
Good travel hair dryer works in Europe Bought this to take with me to Europe.  Have used it over there twice now.  Its nice and small and works well. Wish the handle folded, but its so small it doesn't take up much space. You need a flat head screw driver or something similiar to change the voltage when you travel.
It's as good as my last conair but a bit less powerful ... I picked this up on lightening deal as I needed a new blow dryer. It's as good as my last conair but a bit less powerful - which is fine for me because I couldn't use the highest setting on my last one since it blew my hair to much - I have fine hair so it just tangled my hair on the highest setting. I love the retractable cord!
This Blows! Yeah, it will dry your hair. What else do you want it to do? It won't work without electricity though.
Nice dryer Lightweight, inexpensive, and good for home use. Got it quick, was just as described but a little on the noisy side.
Good hair dryer Excellent hair dryer! It takes only a few minutes to dry the hair. My only negative comment is its a little heavy...
My favorite hairdryer I recently purchased this bad boy for the 2nd time. I was distraught when I went to dry my hair one morning and my old dryer wouldn't turn on :/ I ran to Target and grabbed a cheap Conair dryer but hated it after a couple of uses. I wound up ordering this a few days later. It's much quieter than many dryers I've used. It has different heat settings that you can toggle, and it's not too heavy. It's definitely my go to dryer.
Elevate Hair Drier I bought this product even after reading negative reviews. I've only used it twice since it was delivered. I haven't had the problems that many mentioned. It didn't deliver the velocity of air flow I had hoped for and I have thin long hair. It hasn't cut down my drying time but has left my hair smoother than my old drier.
The dryer works very well. The only issue I ... The dryer works very well. The only issue I have is, the bonnet is a bit small and it's too tight. There is no way to loosen the string.
Andis RC-2 Ionic1875W Ceramic Hair Dryer with Folding Handle and... This hair dryer is a little heavier than the one I replaced; however, it drys quickly, not hot to the touch, and the retractable cord is nice even though it needs a little help retracting at times.  That said, would recommend.
Buyer beware... While this product does do what it claims as far as brassiness goes, it turned out WAY darker than the medium brown on the box.  My hair was a light-medium reddish brown before and now it's dark brown!  Luckily, it was a pleasant surprise FOR ME.  Maybe not so much for the next gal...
Second one! Yes. I like it. I just wish it was even hotter but it IS hot enough. I like the nightlight too. Mounting can be easy depending....
Does a great job. his dryer replaces my old one which is cumbersome and bulkier.  Does a great job.
Thanks! Arrived when expected and working<br /><br />This feed back im providing is good ,. the package arrived when expected and in good shape
quality dryer that will last Like all the twin turbo dryers, this one is built to last. The dryer feels solid and the materials are high quality, it's also much lighter than my 3200 (and smaller). I'm an editorial stylist and I'm hard on my tools but my twin turbos always last for years (and they're repairable). A few things to mention, the nozzles on my dryer are very hard to get on and hard to rotate when in place (perhaps they just need to break in?) Also this dryer has a shorter &#34;snout&#34; much like the 3500, so if you're used to having a more traditional dryer like the 2700 or 3200 it will take a bit of getting used to. Very nice dryer with great hot air output, the best as far as i'm concerned.
conair Great product for $22. I like the mat plastic touch, feels like a salon model. Kind of quiet, and comes with two extra attachments. A bit big for my taste though.
but wall mount is so nice! If I need to dry my hair FAST Not the most powerful of hairdryers, but wall mount is so nice!  If I need to dry my hair FAST, I get a different dryer.
Great Service This little tin full of solid perfume arrived quickly, is packaged nicely, is really handy for purse or gym bag. It smells great. My only wish is that smell would last longer--I was hoping a solid perfume could do so. After about 1/2 hour the smell is gone.
Nice This is a nice hair dryer. I use it on warm/high. It still takes a while to get my hair dry. Still, with dryer, it is much smoother than with my last con-air.
Works great....Instructions need revised This is the first straightener I have used, so I can't compare to others.  I can attest to the fact that I have medium length, moderately curly hair and I am able to straighten my hair with one pass at 410, although for a more polished look I do two passes.  I am able to get two days out of my style without any signifigant frizz.  However, it is fall and the humidity level is pretty low.  My only real complaint is the instructions state to hold the + key to lock the buttons.  After some trial and error I figured out that holding the - key actually acheived this.  Feel like it is a good value.
Value for the price Pros:<br />Not to hot on hot setting<br />Retractable cord works great. Keeps clutter off the counter.<br /><br />Cons:<br />None really to mention..<br /><br />Edit: 05/06/2013<br />I have noticed when I use the blow dryer now that there some some air escaping from the slider controls on the handle. This is nothing to really change how I use the blow dryer, but this should probably not happen.
Great basic hair dryer This dryer does what it is made for no more, no less. Definitely quieter than my old dryer, although it seems to take a minute or two longer to actually dry my hair. Neither of the included tips would stay on while in use, but overall I feel I got what I paid for.
Good Dryer for the Price It's a powerful little dry and it comes with a lot of attachable heads if your the type to use it.<br />It gets pretty hot on the hottest setting and in fact will turn off by itself if it overheats, turning itself back on later once it's cooled.<br />Dries well and is definitely better than my old lower watt Conair.
Strong dryer I've been looking for a powerful hair dryer and found this at a resort.  I was happy that I found it online and it was so reasonable.  I like the retraactable cord and hope it lasts.  Some of the reviews were negative on this.  It leaves my hair dry in minutes and soft.  More powerful than some of the other larger hair dryers I've purchased.
Wonderful product just a little too.... Heavy. It was advertised as light weight but its not really. It is not the heaviest blow dryer but still i was a llittle surprised at the weight. Other than that it is excellent my daughter's hair is soft wavy and frizzy and long. It takes a lot to straighten it out but this dryer left her hair soft and straight with a wonderful shine to it. I would and have recommend this to others.
Good product, but care needed with power cord I purchased this dryer about 3-4 years ago.  I have very long hair (below my waist) and it worked just fine for me.  The ion feature makes a huge difference in the condition of my hair.  Less frizz and less tangling.    The other day I was putting it away and noticed a crack in the cord's plastic insulation.  When I flexed the cord (after it was unplugged) at the crack the insulation completely separated exposing the wires.  Further inspection showed cracks in the insulation every where the cord had been bent when stored.  Normally we are very careful to stow appliance cords by folding (accordian style) and using velcro to hold in place.  For my new hair dryer I will be less fastidious with the cord storage!  You probably should inspect the cord before every use to make sure the insulation is not cracked.  It could have caused a fire, electric shock, or worse.
Wonderful hairdryer Ive had this blow dryer for a little while now maybe a month... great temp and powerful but it whistles and rattles as if something is loose inside...
Very satify for the price and perfornance Have used this hair dryer for more than 2 weeks. It works pretty well. It has enough heat for the different settings. It seems to have less statics compare to my old hair dryer.
I needed a small dyer and this is perfect My 5 year old is taking on more responsibility with her personal care.  My hairdryer was much too big and heavy for her to manage on her own.  I found this dryer and it is absolutely perfect!  It is lightweight and the right size for her little hands.  She loves the color and the zebra storage pouch it comes with.  One minor complaint is that the high setting is loud and quite shrill; a much higher pitch than my blow dryer.
Conair Travel Hair Dryer The Conair TS127 travel smart mini hair dryer is not as small as I thought.  Be sure to read the dimension.  The handle of the blow dryer folds down which is good if you need to conform to a space within your luggage.  The high speed option on the dryer is powerful and it does dry hair quickly.  I do wish there was a low, medium, and high option.  Overall I am satified with the purchase since I only travel 2-3 times a year.
Pretty good for a cheap blow dryer! I have very long, thick hair, so I don't think I will ever be 100% happy with any blowdryer. This one does a very good at drying my hair in a reasonable amount of time. This is an awesome alternative to the $85.00 blowdryers at Sally's!
It Dries My Hair It dries your hair. Not much else to say.
Not bad for the price Not bad, does a good job but feels a little cheap. Description says full size dryer but could have a little more power. Doesn't look or feel like a real expensive hair dryer... But I guess you can't really expect that for around twenty bucks.
Very powerful hair dryer! I liked the hair dryer. It's  1875w the same as my old hair dryer but the air seems to come out with more force. It's not too heavy which is good because I'm a weakling, the cord is long enough, it's easy to hold and dries hair very quickly! The only problem for me was the switches on the side instead of in the front because they were right where I hold the dryer and I was accidentely hitting them the whole time changing the setting which was very annoying! Overall, it was a good powerful hair dryer if you are able to deal with the switch placement.
Babyliss v2 [[ASIN:B000IG83VE Babyliss Pro BABFRV2 Volare Ferrari Designed Professional Luxury Mid Sized Hair Dryer, Red, 2000 Watts]]<br /><br />This hair dryer is the best but the 2 nozzle did not come in my package... this has me worry that the product may not be new.
thoughts A little larger than I thought it would be. Very easy to place on the wall. I would recommend this item.
Good Blowdryer for the $$ I selected this dryer after reading other reviewers comments, as I was looking for one that did not make me feel like I was opting for dry hair over my hearing. I was replacing one that had many of the same features as this one, except it felt like it was piercing my eardrums to use it. This one is much better, as was promised. In fact, it really is the best blow dryer I've ever had. The only reason I couldn't give it a 5 star rating is because of the button that retracts the cord. It was placed on the side of the dryer where it sticks out, so that when you put the dryer down in between blows, it pushes the button and startles me as it trys to retract. It should have been made so that the button recedes a bit so it isn't accidently pushed. But, all in all, it is great. I have learned to be more cautious as I lay it down and am happy with my purchase.
Four Stars It is great I can dry my hair while I put on my makeup.
Really nice to have Great dryer. Really like how there is a constant cool setting that doesn't have to be pressed the whole time. The different heat setting are nice as well. And the cord keeper, oh my gosh---totally radical.  No more wrapping the cord around the dryer for me (I hope)
Great performance but they need work on the product painting Great performance but they need work on the product painting, the paint started pilling after a few day's using the dryer but in general it's a great product for the price
Solid and well made Bought this on Amazon 2 years ago and it is still going strong! I never heard of this brand before I saw it in a luxury hotel. I was so impressed with the power and design of the hair dryer that when my Conair died, I searched for Andis online and found it here. The overall item is well made and solid. The gorgeous deep red color is very rich and boy is it powerful! I use it to dry my hair daily and it has held up well. There is a heft to the item and does not feel cheap or plastic-ky like my old Conair. The Andis also comes with a nice long cord but I did wish it retracts to make storage neater. I am giving this a 4 star because of that.
Christmas gift I hope it is what she wanted. :-) it came very quick and pleased with what I have seen.  Affordable too.
Ok for short thin hair I have thick hair that is a few inches past my shoulders. I dry my hair on the high hot setting. I used this for the first time yesterday and the dryer shut off halfway through the drying process. I know it is because of the safety feature that turns it off once it is too hot. I pushed the button on the plug to reset the dyrer and it turned back on for a few more seconds of drying then shut off. I turned the heat setting down to warm and was able to finish drying my hair. I do not recommend this for anyone that has thick hair that takes a while to dry like mine. It does dry sections quickly, but not quickly enough for my hair type.
Great dryer! I love this dryer! My hair is really thick after I wash it and this dryer makes my hair feel softer (because it's an ionic dryer) and more manageable! I didnt give it 5 stars because it is a little heavy to operate and the attachment comb that it comes with is a little long for me but still works great! It was worth every penny, I wish I had heard about this sooner!
May not be the color you see in sales, but it runs great! My old and expensive blowdryer that I received as a birthday present still ran but slowly. Hence, my new replacement. Would have been happy for an orange one but sadly Amazon sent me a yucky fuchsia dryer. At least, it works great and has more options than I thought. Great for someone always on the go!
I have naturally frizzy hair It dried fast enough but still some frizzing, probably because I'm impatient. I love the fact that it came with a diffuser! This is one fancy hair dryer..  A little heavy but that's ok.
Still good but they don't make em like they used to. I bought this to replace the exact same model that I had for over five years. It is good but not as great as the former model which seem to have a tad more power (needed to dry extremely thick hair) and had a free spinning collar for the cord at the base which kept the cord from getting that spiral twist kinks. It was a great dryer, now downsized to good status. The sound is good, no irritating high pitch, which has been reason for me to return several dryers I have purchased in the past. Despite the loss of a star, it is still the best dryer on the market for thick course hair that seems to take forever to dry.
Good travel hair dryer Pros: It is dual voltage (120 volts 60 hertz or 240 volts 50 hertz) allowing you to use it in the US and abroad. There is a screw for you to change the voltage. It's almost as powerful and heats up like a regular dryer, which is a huge plus for me.  I've got a ton of hair and those wimpy hotel Sunbeam wall mount dryers just don't cut it.<br /><br />Cons: It's expensive. I would not invest in this as your every day dryer as you can get a better full-size dryer for the price but if you travel a lot, as I do, the voltage option is key. It's a lot heavier and bulkier than the typical travel hair dryer so I would not recommend this if you're looking for something small. There is a hinge at the handle that allows it to fold but it's still far from compact.<br /><br />I've been taking this dryer with me to Europe and it works great. I've been using it intermittently for a year and it's still going strong. Essentially, it's a full-size dryer but with a voltage option.  However, I don't use this in lieu of my full size dryer because I love my light weight FHI Nano.
good product really does blow my hair flat and shiny.. almost too flat at times. My hair has a natural wave and this blows it out straight.
I was happy with it. It works good but overheats and shuts off for a while.  It works well for what I need. I love the night light.
Conair 124TL Folding Handle 1875-Watt Dryer Conair 124TL Folding Handle 1875-Watt Dryer great item, Fast drying. great colors. I do have several other dryers that I end up giving away or trash them they are way to big and heavy, so this is just right
LOVE THIS PRODUCT!!! THIS IS THE BEST DRYER I HAVE EVER OWNED!!!<br />The only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5 is because it showed 2800 watts when I ordered it, yet when I received it, there were 2200 watts.  Still ok.....yet a little misleading!!!<br />EXCELLENT PRODUCT!!!  Can't go wrong!!!!
Four Stars Pretty good, not any better than other hair dryers in that price range.
Four Stars Nice blower.
So far so good!! My wife seems to like the dryer and her looks great.  She says its faster her only comment is that there is no high warm only a high hot.    Its a great product for a good price hopefully it will last the test of time.  According to the other reviews, you can't return it to the manufacturer when purchased on Amazon.    So far so good!!
a good product This is a good product at a good price. I wish for more choices high/medium/low power and heat but it does a real good job and the night light has been a bonus for our guests
Just right for travel Got this for an upcoming trip in Europe and picked this for the dual voltage switch without spending a lot. Testing at home on American voltage and it is super powerful! A bit on the loud side but great for the price. Wonder if it will have the same quick drying on 240v - they usually only work on low setting when you flip the voltage.
Great for the price OK, so I got this based on the other reviews I saw.  Let me say that I went from a $150 Chi dryer to this.  All in all, it seems to dry my hair in about the same time (I have a lot of hair).  In my opinion, the main difference between inexpensive and expensive dryers is how long they last.  I've had the expensive one for about 3 years or more, no issues.  The good thing about this Revlon (in addition to the price) is that it is much lighter weight.  So, I'll keep using it until it breaks.  One other thing to note, the cool burst button is really easy to accidentally trigger when you're drying your hair. Not a big deal other than it annoys me when I'm trying to dry my hair and the cold air starts flowing and I have to adjust.
Good! Low power, but with patience it does a beautiful job
Four Stars I love the hair dryer but the comb attachment starting breaking on our first use.
Great Hair dryer I first found this hair dryer while staying at Mariott hotel and LOVED IT.  I always bring my own with me on trips but this time I never used it.  Great power yet small and with the retractable cord very easy to store.
Great but it does wear out in a few years I am purchasing my 5th unit.  They last anywhere from 3-5 years.  Thankfully mounting design has stayed the same so I just take down old and put up new.  Convenience and low price is worth replacing unit.
good dryer, bonnet a little uncomfortable, but modifiable. This dryer dries well.  The bonnet is small where it fits around the head. Placing a snall towel near the brow makes it more comfortable. Also restringing it so it fits an adult head.  The bonnet smells like plastic for several uses, but now smells better after I took it out and let it sit without being folded up in the case.  Good compact drying with great drying power.
Glad I bought it. Arrived on time. Not as heavy or as cumbersome to hold while drying hair. It is however, a large hairdryer and not compact for travel purposes. Doesn't dry<br />( frizz) my hair as much as non- ionic dyers. Love all the settings! Several useful attachments were included. You can find a lower price elsewhere without the attachments.
Fine I was given this for Christmas and i'm baffled by the reviews. Yes, it's a little hard to turn on and it's a little loud. But I don't think that warrants 1-2 star ratings. For me, this dryer is fantastic, it seems to dry 3x faster than my old, old dryer, and I haven't had either of the attachments pop off. I really like the attachments, I can get nice volume in my hair. My hair is naturally very thick and frizzy. My hair is still frizzy after use ( I always straighten after with any dryer ), however, it is less frizzy then with my old con-air ion dryer. And then, the whole dryer folds up and the cord retracts - awesome ! So I give it 4 stars. The stiff buttons and loudness are my only dislikes, but they don't bother me that much.
Definitely good but little bulky Definitely a good product and I believe in conair quality and realiability. But this hair dryer is little bulkier, otherwise it works great.
Does a very good job I am a female and I bought this shaver for my bikini and genital area.  I personally think it does a better job on the genital area than on the bikini area.  It really makes a difference at what angles your hair grows, and if your hair is on the smoother side and grows very parallel to your skin (like it does on the areas that would show right around my bikini line), it's tough to get it all with this shaver.  It does a good job on the more coarse hair in more intimate areas, as those stand at more of a perpendicular angle (especially when they're short and stubbly after having been shaved a few days before).    You will have to pull gently at your skin and/or hold it in a kind of pinched way sometimes to make sure you get all of the hairs at an angle the shaver will reach, but none of that is painful and it does work.  You'll also have to go over each area more than once, so plan on devoting a few minutes to the process (more than that for your first time or two), because you won't be able to get it all super quickly with the multiple runs over areas and the need to stretch and pull your skin.  I haven't really had any experiences of it pinching or nicking my skin.  Do use some sort of baby powder, particularly in damper areas to make the skin dry and easy to run the shaver over.    I use a compressed air can, along with the little cleaning brush that comes with it, to clean it after each use.  I don't think the brush does a thorough job on its own.    Overall I'm quite happy with this product and would recommend it as a worthwhile purchase.  I have to use it pretty much every day to stay truly smooth, and there are a couple tiny areas that I tend to run a razor over (going in the same direction as the hair so it won't create razor burn) after using the shaver just because the hair in those places isn't at enough of an angle for the shaver to really reach.  You would definitely need to use a trimmer to get the hair to a short stubble before using this shaver; I opted for actually shaving everything with a razor first, and then using the shaver to shave the stubble once it started growing back a day or two later, and have continued doing that stubble maintenance ever since.    The battery life is also pretty good.  I've had the razor for about six months now and have changed the batteries only once so far, probably a couple of months in, while using it every few days.
Excellent Value I've never heard of a hair dryer just for men before, but we ignored that part anyway! This hairdryer works just fine for women too. I love the colors, black and red and the accessory attachment works great. I would definitely recommend this hair dryer for men or women. It worked well, looks nice in the bathroom and is a good value.
It's great Have a small bathroom and use it a lot outside of my house. Great for travel. Wish it had an intermediate setting (only low and high).
So far so good. No complaints as such So far so good. No complaints as such. The only hassle is the grey plastic knob which is used to increase the heat of the hot air which seems very fragile to work with. Otherwise, no issues with the dryer. Works good. Easy operation and very simple!
Great hair dryer Love the multiple heat and speed settings.  After 3 months though, I have noticed that some air leak out from the base of the handle, where it meets the cord.  Maybe the plastic fitting became loose from hanging the hair dryer on a hook.
Great for reducing frizz! Awesome hair dryer! I have very frizzy hair, and this is the first blow dryer I have owned that actually helps to reduce frizz. My hair is almost frizz free after I blow dry, so I can just quickly run my flat iron over it rather than having to iron tiny sections to remove the frizz. The high speed is very powerful, and it dries my hair quickly. The retractable cord is a great feature so the cord isn't laying all over my counter when I'm not using the dryer. The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 (I would have liked to give it 4.75 if I could) is because it takes a little while to heat up. Otherwise, this is a great product and I highly recommend it.
Four Stars cord does not retract majority of the time
Works great, good value The price on this was about 30% lower than the same model in the store, so considering the price it was a great choice. My only &#34;complaint&#34; is that the Low setting is a little too low, and the High setting is a little too high for my preference. A speed right between the two would be ideal, but that is a minor issue. It works well for what I need.
I expected more, it is a little heavy, but it does the job. John Frieda products are always good. I use the shampoo, what is good. Not more to say, just another hairdryer.
So convenient ... I have used this hairdryer many times in many hotel and have always been pleased.<br />It's comfortable, looks sharp, and has different settings.<br />I bought 1 for each bathroom in my new home - near the beach.  Family and friends will have the<br />convenience of not having to travel with a hairdryer.
Great Dryer I am a hairstylist and demand high performance from my tools. This dryer is quiet, light weight and gets the job done fast. The only downfall is there is no cool shot button.
Good dryer All in all, it's  a good little hair dryer.  It doesn't blow as hot as my older dryers, but it dries my hair fast and with less sweating on my part!!  The retractable cord is kind of sluggish & doesn't retract all the way.  But it's still an improvement over regular cords that were always getting tangled up with my curling iron cord. The folding handle definitely makes it easier to pack.  I'm not real sure if I notice much difference with frizz. Maybe a little better. The only negative comment I can make is that it's very LOUD!
Bought for husband. He loves it, which this ... Bought for husband.  He loves it, which this model came with attachments.
... dryer for about three months and am overall really pleased. My previous hair dryer was about five years ... I've had this hair dryer for about three months and am overall really pleased. My previous hair dryer was about five years old and kicked the bucket. This one is much better than that one, though like I said, it was a little older. It dries my hair in about half the time and I use both of the diffusers that came with if often.<br /><br />My reason for giving four starts over five is that the placement of the buttons for speed and heat are RIGHT where I want to put my hand while using it. They are pretty big, so if I keep my hands there I often hit them. Readusting my hand solves this problem but since it makes it a slightly less comfortable experience, I think four stars is appropriate.<br /><br />I have not (yet) had the issue of the outside wearing off, mine still looks new.
works good This product works very well with me especially I have short hair. The only weakness of this product is the hot air has a hard time to flow to the top of my hair.I have to pull the bonnet up high on my head to the upper hair to dry. However, I cannot style my hair without this machine any more because this one works very well and save time.
The wife is happy! this was a replacement for my older Oster wall mount hair dryer. installation was a breeze, even mounted on my old wall bracket.<br />The wife is happy!
Fabulous dryer I purchased this dryer at the recommendation of my stylist.  I have THICK, curly hair that takes hours to dry.  I let my hair air-dry because conventional blowdryers (even with a diffuser) only add frizz and uncurl my spiral curls.  Having a wet head for hours in the winter is uncomfortable.  This dryer is fabulous.  I can dry my hair while working at my home office.  The results have been terrific.  I read the other reviews before purchasing, and use the pole and casters to move it to the appropriate spot.  So far, so good.
works well My small 'emergency' hair dryer exploded, so I bought this one. It works very well; I have no major complaints.
Four Stars I like that the speed of the blower is separate from the heat selection.
buena inversion excelente vendedor, cumplio con los tiempos establecidos y el porducto se llego a su destino en perfectas condiciones, recomendado 100%
Still nice. The power of the dryer seems less than I would have thought.  Still nice.
perfection! awesome! dries my hair faster than any other drier i have.. and my hair is thick! i would recommend this.
Nanoe does make a difference I've had my hair dryer, a Conair mini, for ages--more than 10 years.  The Conair has only two setting (high and low) and did not come with any accessories.  So going from the Conair to the Panasonic Nanoe was like upgrading from a basic to a state-of -the-art hair dryer.<br /><br />The Panasonic Nanoe comes with a quick-dry nozzle, a set nozzle and a diffuser. It boasts 3 temperatures settings--hot, warm and cool, and a choice of strong (high) or gentle (low) airflow.  What makes this hair dryer special is that it produces nanoe or invisible water particles that cling to your hair as you dry it.<br />I have thick hair that reaches to my shoulders and when I used the Panasonic, I had the impression that strands of hair were separated. It boosted my hair's natural volume and gave it more movement. And my hair felt softer too after I used the Panasonic with the quick-dry nozzle and the diffuser.  My sister who has long fine hair also agreed that this dryer seemed to give her hair more volume too.<br /><br />Since I've been handling a mini dryer for years, it took a bit of time to get used to the full-sized Panasonic. At first it felt heavy, especially when I attached the diffuser to it, and therefore was somewhat awkward to manage.  However, I'm getting used to its weight and size and therefore doing a better job at styling my hair with it.  The Panasonic Nanoe does emit a smell, but according to the operating instructions booklet, it is normal and harmless.<br /><br />I'm glad I got this hair dryer. I like having the different temperature settings, especially the cool one because I want to avoid heat damage.  With my old dryer, I didn't have any other choice but hot.  After using an attachment with the hot setting, it may be warm to the touch so handle with care if you need to switch nozzles.  This is a great hair dryer. I don't quite understand the fine details behind the Nanoe technology, but these invisible particles certainly make my hair look good.
Powerfull I've had this hair dryer for about a month, it is very powerfull, I have a lot of hair and this hair dryer dries my hair very very fast
Stoked! I'm so glad that I finally got one of these for home. Works really well, not too loud and my hair doesn't feel fried like a hand-dryer. My only suggestion is getting a weight to add to the base because it can tip over easier than it should.
Four Stars Good product - still using it.
excellent No complains, my wife use it every day. (Good hair dryer, Oster Professional 76932-710 Wall Mount Hair Dryer )  Great!.
One of my favorites! Great scent that isn't too sweet but not too woodsy either! Some are turned off by the fact that it's made by the famous womens bridal designer, but in reality, she knows how to make a man smell amazing! I love this scent and have been wearing it for three years. First time to buy it from amazon and the process was a breeze with fast shipping.
Four Stars Item deliver as promised love the color
Nice. Used to a little more power but from a small (hotel-like) dryer, it works well.
Four Stars All ok
Good Experience The product was here fast and it works great.  I would use them again.
Dissappointed with their shipment. Ad said with diffuzer but there isn't one. Overall the hairblower is great.  The first one I ordered was suppose to include the diffuzer.  The first shipment came without a diffuzer. Wrote the company and they immediately sent another one out (within 2 days). The second one didn't have the diffuzer with it either.  I went back to the ad and it said with diffuzer.  So I have requested another return and pickup and asked them not to resend another one.  My hair is naturally curly and I need the diffuzer.  Yes I can buy a diffuzer anywheres, but since I paid for it with this one, I shouldn't have to go buy one. Not sure what they call a diffuzer, but the round flat attachment is not a diffuzer.  The big round attachment is what I call a diffuzer. Sorry we won't get burnt three times.
Four Stars good dryer
Hair Dryer Product as advertised.  Works well.  Boost button nice feature.  Power switch seem a tad fragile.  I am satisfied with this purchase.
very good but a little noisey very easy to install and works very well, Better than expected. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it is a little noisier that I would like .<br />But its great.
Convenient! I like having the dryer on my wall instead of my dresser. It is not as powerful as my old dryer so takes a minute longer but I do like it.
Great Blow Job! I don't care about any attachments that come with a blow dryer and toss them on arrival.  Manly Men, like me for example, don't use blow dryers because that would be vain and, you know, unmanly.  UNLESS maybe the man lives in a really cold climate, let's say Chicago for no reason in particular, and would risk forming an ice hair helmet if he left the house with it still damp.  In that scenario I think it's probably okay so long as he uses a blow dryer that has the word MAN in its name and doesn't talk about it, ever.<br /><br />I give it four out of five stars, because it's okay for a guy to like a blow dryer, but unmanly for a guy to love one.ive it four out of five stars, because it's okay for a guy to like a blow dryer, but probably not only unnatural, but more importantly, unmanly for a guy to love his blow dryer.
Works well The hairdryer is not overly powerful but I have long, thin hair so it does the trick. I wish the cord was a little longer but I'm sure it will relax over time. I agree with other reviewers that the night light is a little too bright. I just unplug it at night and since I installed it directly over the outlet this has not been a big problem. Overall I am satisfied with my purchase and it keeps it off the counter. I particularly like the little attachment to hang the cord.
Excellent product for the price paid At less than $8.00 a unit at the time of purchase, I bought 2 pieces for my family. They certainly do the trick and are comparable to any other dryer purchased in the past costing over $16.00.
Exactly what I expected I bought this hairdryer bc I was looking for a compact dryer with a retractable cord and handle. This is exactly what I wanted. The grip is matte so it gives a nice grip, it folds to make the dryer smaller. The retractable cord works well and makes the dryer very convenient to use in my small bathroom or if I'm traveling. The settings are also good - 3 varieties that dry my hair quickly. The dryer is not very loud either, it's a reasonable noise level.
If you like gloss more than lipstick, this is great for you. If you want to see these lipcolors in action, I suggest watching the first movie in the Twilight Saga. Bella Swan wore the color Good to Go, and the entire Cullen family (males and females) wore the shade Ms. Behavin'. Though I love these lipsticks, they are not for everyone. The colors are buildable (you can easily add more to any look), but they go on VERY sheer. They are meant more for enhancing natural lip color than for actually changing their color, and touch ups are necessary after just an hour or two. If you choose to purchase this product, I recommend buying a lip stick primer that will prolong the color for awhile. As I said, they are very sheer, so if you are looking more for a rich lipstick shade than just a tinted gloss, I suggested not throwing away your $18. You will be very unhappy. However, I love glosses rather than sticks, and these colors have done wonders for my extremely pale lips.
overall, I'm happy with this hair dryer. Not as loud as other hair dryers, and has plenty of power. I don't feel that it gets as hot as some of my other hair dryers, but that's probably not a bad thing because i don't over dry my hair.
Fabulous Dryer I was pleasantly surprised by this hairdryer.  I had a Remington for about 8 years and finally decided it was time for a new one.  I had never used a diffuser before as I have short hair and didn't think it would do too much for me.  Boy was I wrong.  My hair doesn't have this much volume unless I use a product in it!!  The cord wind is phenomenal!!!!  I always hated how my hair dryer took up half of my counter unless I unplugged it and stored it under the sink.  For something I use everyday, it never happened.  I thought I was going to have to be content with my dryer's cord all over the place until now!  When I am done using it, I simply hit the button and the cord goes away but the dryer is still plugged in:)  The only down fall is that the cord is not very long.  Luckily my outlet is right next to my bathroom counter!  I am very pleased with this dryer and would highly recommend it.
Four Stars Too noisy.
Four Stars Nice and powerful, strong wall anchoring
works just fine! Very lightweight blow dryer, nothing fancy, works just fine!
GREAT LITTLE DRYER! I have owned several of these over the years and think they are one of the best dryers I have used. They don't have a lot of bells and whistles (just Hi and Lo settings), but if you want a light and powerful dryer that doesn't take up a lot of room, this is it. Also like the very compact size of this unit (you won't get arm cramps trying to hold this while drying).The wall mount is a nice feature.
Worked better than many of the hotel hair dryers. I used this hairdryer while on a trip to Ireland.  While it's true that you only get one functioning speed when using the dryer with 240 volts, the speed you have is very powerful.  I stayed at a number of hotels that had dryers available, but in most cases, I used this one instead.  This gave me the convenience of using it anywhere in the room and had more power than those supplied by the hotels.  It is very light weight and compact for packing.  I would definitely recommend this to others who want to be certain they have a functioning hair dryer while in European countries without having to purchase and take the risk of using a convertor.  A plug adapter is still necessary.  A simple turn of a screw using your fingernail changes the dryer from 120-240 volts.
a replacement When my 25 year old hairdryer bit the dust, I needed a new one quickly.<br />This fit my budget and works, but is not as powerful as my other one.<br />I have short hair so it is not a problem, but for long hair I don't think it has enough heat.
Pretty good I am a Hair Stylist and I was looking for a lightweight hair dryer. This is an OK hair dryer. It dries pretty good. A couple things I dislike are that it's very loud and the attachment does not stay on well. I will not use this dryer on clients but I will for home use.
Good for indoors and traveling Its light enough and only takes up a small space from my luggage.  Its good for both 110V and 220 volts, though if you will use it at 220v, you can only use the Low setting ( so make sure you put a tag or you might forget).
Conair is a good product. Conair has established their product quality so I cant coment much on the machine its self.  I got it at a great price and so I give it 4 stars (Very Respectable) So far it still works.  Not too much I can say to help you with your decision.
I love this powerful little dryer but the one drawback is ... I love this powerful little dryer but the one drawback is the warm setting can only be used on low.
Love it but need now 220v/240 HELP!!!! I love this item have no complaints about it, it dryes my hair just the way i want it to do it, is hot but no burnng, my only problem is that i want to bring this blower on my trips to India, and it doesnt really work there cause of the voltage!!i got to useit the last time - i didnt really investigate about the voltage there!- so i had to use adapters and it didnt really give me it 100%; once i got back from India and i started using it here it was just awsome! i wish i can find the same one or a similar one!! PLEASE HELP i need to find the item but with 220 or 240 instead of the 125v that it is now, can you recomend any item??
Four Stars Had a little problem setting it up but doesn't hold my hair blower exactly in place
Great for teenage daughter Super easy to install and very handy to preserve the valuable counter space!<br />Be sure to install away from water.
Four Stars This is worth it especially the price!
good power, cord too short great dryer (enough power) that i use not just for travel.  only problem is the cord is very short so you have to be fairly close to the outlet when you use it.  if they would make the cord longer, it would be perfect.  i also used it when i was in italy with no problems (although you do need an adapter but the converter is built in).
a lil nosey but is good for drying Fast dryer. a lil nosey but is good for drying.  recommend it to anyone looking for a portable hair dryer
loud but dries fast Bought this dual voltage drier for my trip to Europe. Dried my hair quickly, was compact for travel, used low setting only based on prior reviews. Great dryer but LOUD!
Nice Product I got tired of taking the dryer out of the cabinet and putting it back and the kids &#34;stealing&#34; mine and not putting it back.  Problems solved!  It's attached to the wall :-)  I only wished it was  a little stronger/hotter.
Quick dry, not excessively hot This is a great hair dryer, and not just because it keeps the chord inside... many hair dryers get super hot even on meduim heat, this has a very soft medium heat, and is hot enough... and I am not sure what all makes it work so well, but it dries hair FAST.
Good value for the money Currently on the 3rd hair dryer in 10 years so happy with product and cost is very reasonable.   Availability of wallmount dryers is limited to a few models.
Remington AC2015 Hair Dryer It's very powerful and quite. The finish is also cool and professional looking. Just a little bit heavy than the one I had.
Larger than previous model I had the previous model and loved it.  This model is larger and heavier,  I also runs hotter that the previous one.<br />I did not return it thinking that I would adapt to the changes which I have.  I would hesitate to buy another when<br />this one stops working.
Just what I expected I have sister locs, I used the dyer to rod my hair and it worked great. It is exactly what I was looking for.
It works well, you just have to find a ... It works well, you just have to find a right chair and a surface with the right height so you would not have a sore neck from the use of it.
Good product I bought this due to the very high reviews.  I agree.  It is a great product.  It is a bit heavy though.  SO I do not use it every day
Nice power, selection of settings Bought two of these, one for each bathroom.  I like the controls on the handle and the ability to adjust the temperature and the power while you're using it.  My husband, however, doesn't particularly like that feature -- I guess with larger hands he finds himself inadvertently changing the settings while he's gripping the dryer.  I also like three temperature settings, high, medium, and cool.  Too many dryers I've used before just have high or no heat.  I really like it; husband is just OK with it.
but the product itself works great. bigger than I expected , doesn't fit in my drawer.  but the product itself works great.
Great dryer, weird peely covering. Great hair dryer, just leaving a quick review to state that, like others have stated, the matte rubber covering on my dryer is all peeling off on the handle (and taking the words with it...). This doesn't affect the usability of the dryer, but it's ugly and I have to memorize all of the settings before they disappear. It took about a week of everyday use before mine started to peel. Otherwise, the dryer dries my hair in an expeditious manner, which is really all you can ask of a hair dryer. :)
Needed a bathroom plug in I bought this because it was a dual voltage and a travel edition as well.  With no plug in within the bathroom, it had very limited use.
Good hair dryer The dryer dries my hair quickly and has a good length cord.  My only disappointment is that the speed and heat settings are not separate i.e they are controlled with one sliding switch, low speed=low heat, high speed=high heat.  I was very pleased that even though I ordered 2 items separately on the same say, they both arrived as promised and in one box.
So far - So good. Have it mounted in the not quite finished bathroom yet.  Looks good so far - But haven't used it yet.
Conair 1875 hairdryer I have a Revlon 1875 which I have had for years and love it.  I wanted something similar to stay at our trailer and to be used at weekends.  This fits the bill exactly.  Low price and does the job perfectly.  I would recommend this to anyone.
Does a good job. This works great and does the job I need it to do.  I'm giving it four stars instead of five because of the storage issue.  I don't like having to cram the cord and extention to the hood back inside the case each time.  I would prefer a slightly larger case that would accomodate everything more easily.
My trusted ally I've had this dryer for 2 陆 years. The latch that keeps the hood upright has finally warped and doesn't stand open. Otherwise, it heats nicely and evenly and the Ion feature leaves my hair shiny. It was so good that I refuse to buy another. I just rigged it with some flexi-rods to get the hood to stay open and upright. Yep, it's just that good.
Four Stars Works fine, price is right.
A very good hair dryer I bought this hair dryer after some research. It is extremely light, not very noisy, and the buttons are in the right place. The cord is a little short (about 62 inches) but for a tiny New York bathroom with an electrical outlet at a waist level it is actually perfect. However, I can see how it can be trouble if your electrical outlets are low.<br /><br />I can't tell if the ionic feature does what is supposed to do because I had not owned a hair dryer before this one for a long time so I can't compare. I have very thick just-below-the-shoulders hair and it takes me about 5 minutes to dry it. It still gets static in winter.<br /><br />I like the simple white and black color. To me it looks much better than the silver finish on higher-end driers because they still look like plastic and fake and this one is not pretending to be what it is not. The painted text to identify on/off and temperature settings wore off in two days but the settings are intuitive and so you don't really need the text once you saw what is where. I've had it for just under a year and it is working just fine. All in all great purchase.
Nice Hairdryer The dryer is stylish and works well but is on the heavy side and takes some getting used to. Overall a good purchase for the cost.
Does the job! I definitely have not had the negative opinion on this dryer as other customers have had.  My natural hair has very tightly coiled curls, so a normal dryer without a comb attachment only can do so much.  I put the dryer on medium and blow dried my hair in sections, and it dried my hair so fast, and straightened it well! Now, I don't have to deal with the hassle of not being able to comb through my hair easily. My only dislike about the dryer is that it is kind of on the larger side, and I wish the attachments were so big/long, but aside from that, it works well for me, and saves me time and frustration!  Plus, you can't be the price!
Good Stuff It works for me well because I have thin hair, if you have thick hair or very long hair, you will spend five hours with it. It works well and is very comfortable.
Love the blow dryer - diffuser too small! I have basically the same blow dryer that I needed to replace (different color).  This one is targeted for people with curly hair and the diffuser is half the size of the one that came with the older blow dryer.  Fortunately the old one fits on this new one.  Love that there are 3 heat and 3 speed settings - impossible to find at the store for some reason!
Fast and Heavy Hair Dryer This is a nice professional hair dryer, so far its working nicely. The only issue is the overweight, but it compensates with faster hair drying(even half the time than used to be with other brands). Me and my wife would recommend this if you want a faster hair dryer and stronger arm muscles...
Nice little hair dryer This hair dryer is light weigh and stores all accessories inside the case. It works well except the hose is hard to attach to the bonnet
Great performance The hair dryer is great. Multiple hear and speed options. I would have given it five stars except for that fact that the funnel tip does pop off too easily if bumped by a brush.
Dries hair quickly This is a nice looking hair dryer that works fast. My hair usually frizzes out when I blow dry it, but not with this. My hair did not feel dried out at all after using this. The blow dryer has hot, warm and cool settings with a cool blast button. The back opens easily, so that any dust buildup can be removed. The weight is a bit heavy, but the design makes it nice to hold. I took off one star because the diffuser did not do a great job on my wimpy curls, but the other attachments worked out well for me. The color is nice, but if it came in green, that would be even better. The best blow dryer I have used so far.
MAC Prep and Prime Lip [[VIDEOID:mo24GSVUDPBXXJ8]]Hello, this is Megan doing a review on this product for you.
A good dryer Got this for a relative for xmas. She is very pleased with it. It has 3 fan speeds, which is not that easy to find any more. It comes with a couple of drying accessories, too. It is not lightweight though, which, in my view is the only shortcoming.
Good and economical, just be careful. This hair dryer is fast, and compact. It has a high and low setting, and gets the job done effectively because it has such a strong blow. The only problem I had with it, is that the back end of it kept sucking in my hair, and it resulted in it giving off the smell of burning hair, and accompanied by it no longer working as well as it could, after 3 weeks of having it. The only reason why I gave it a 4 and not a three is because you and me both have the responsibility of keeping our hair away from the back end of the hair dryer. The reason why it does not have a 5 is because, although it is very strong, could not handle a few pieces of hair getting into the fan part, which is understandable, but still an engineering flaw. It's golden for travel, and great for short-term usage.
Andis Hair Dryer I have been ordering Andis Wall dryers for a while. This one was smaller than the one I had before, which is good in a small bathroom. I'm very pleased with the temperature and ease of using.
Great hair dryer for dogs and people. I bought this for drying my Miniature Schnauzer furnishings at home and at shows. I picked this one because it has air coming in from both sides for maximum air flow. It works great. I've had it for nearly 2 years and use it often as I also groom for a few other owners. It still looks like new and all the switches work just like day one. I will buy again if this one ever goes out. I will also buy another one if my personal hair dryer (different brand) ever goes out. I've had it for nearly 20 years. LOL
Four Stars It dries my hair very fast but is a little on the heavy side.
I love the cool setting which I use to dry my ... I love the cool setting which I use to dry my hair in order to avoid applying excess heat to my hair. I use it on a daily basis and it works great.
Great while it lasted I was a little hesitant to purchase since it was rather cheap for a good ionic dryer but it worked great. I have 3c type hair and it dried my hair rather quickly and straight, with minimal frizz BUT it did die out exactly a year later. So I guess you get what you pay for....but it was good while it lasted.
I like that this dryer provides greater heat than my 1800 ... I like that this dryer provides greater heat than my 1800 dryer, however it doesn't put out as much power.
Very powerful for the size I've been using this as my daily hairdryer for a couple months now. It works very well, and has more power for the size than I would have expected. That being said, it's still small. It has as much blowing/heat power as my old one (huge/clunky), but I still think it takes slightly longer to dry my hair just because the size of the dryer itself doesn't allow as much air to blow at once. I do love how it is so light and easy to use though.
blown away I love everything about this blow dryer it drys without getting too hot on warm, ligth weight, the attachments and size. I just dont like the buttons they seem like it going to fall off when i turn thw blow dryer on and off. But it works like a dream so i just be careful
This is a nice replacement for my old hair dryer This is a nice replacement for my old hair dryer.  All 3 attachments work great for however I want to style my hair.  This dryer motor is occasionally  makes a loud grinding sound but it continues to work.
Hair Dryer It works pretty good is easy to hold and not heavy like some of those out there.I really like this.
Good, compact dryer, but loud! This little dryer is really easy to take on the go.  It gets really hot, which is good for my incredibly thick hair, but it's great to have the cooling button on it.  It is a loud little bugger however!  Anyway, it's a good purchase.  I've used it several dozen times on trips in the States and in Europe and it's served its purpose.
Glad I bought them. Works great; looks good on wall.
Nice and manageable. I like this kind of hairdrier. It leaves my hair a little frizzy but it is light and easy to handle.
Good purchase for me Very nice unit. Heat is good and handles great while using to dry your hair. Not too sure about the shine thing??
Four Stars Works as advertised.
Runs good Wife likes it, so I'm happy. Anything to keep that nag off my back. Loud, which is a good thing, can't hear the ball and chain complaining about the bathroom walls, sink, toilet, mirrors, lights, outlets, shower. Safe, - unfortunately. :~)
Worked wonderfully Was for my mother who has always used one.  It worked wonderfully for her.  She liked the settings for heat control.  That was a big concern for her.
so far so good.. Very quiet and strong hair dryer, so far so good....but the button sides feel poorly made.  I have a feeling that's the first part to break.
Plain Old Hair Dryer I purchased the 1875 Shine Styler hair dryer because my 17 year old Conair 1600 started to throw blue sparks when I changed the settings. I really like the controls on the 1875 because they are comfortable while gripping the hair dryer and they are easy to use. I held a lot of hair dryers in stores and found this one to be light weight and comfortable to hold. The price was right too. $19.99. I'm a guy who just needs a hair dyer to dry my hair every once in a while. My hair is only a few inches long. The 1875 Watt Thermal Shine Styler does the job.
Truly professional I purchased this hair dryer after watching a series of blow drying tutorials. I researched a lot about hair dryers since this was my first purchase. I wanted to invest in a decent blow dryer which would last me for atleast an year. I have wavy hair and I have recently got a layer cut done with a scoop. I understood the need of a good blow dryer to get that wow look that you get after a salon visit. I must say the elchim professional 2001 truly met all my expectations. The dryer is quite light and easily manageable by blow dry virgins. If you are planning to buy a blow dryer for the first time, then i would suggest you to go for this one. This 2000 Watt dryer is very powerful and straightens your hair instantly. All you need a Ceramic Jumbo round brush ( from Brush lab) and this powerful device to create the look you have always craved for. I am really happy with the results.My husband always admires my hair now and I simply can't stop blushing...:) I  wanted a red and black combi dryer, but they sent me a black one instead. Thats Ok. When this breaks, I'm gonna simply make another purchase of the same product.
Powerful My only objection is how large it is.  Why can't they make a travel sized dryer with a brush attachment?
quite dryer This dryer is relatively quiet compared to some high priced brand. It provides adequate drying. The only issue I have is the rocker type on/off switch which is inconvenient. A push on/off type switch is ergonomically better just like holding a gun with a trigger.
Four Stars Nice machine
GREAT hairdryer! This is AMAZING!  Dries my hair very fast and it's so shiny when I'm done.  The only negative is that it's pretty heavy, but I'll just chalk that up to an arm workout!  :)
Great for me, maybe not great for long hair I love the compact nature of this hair dryer.  And I like that it has only two settings, high and low.  Because it's so small, however, I can imagine that if a person with long hair used this to dry at the roots, the ends of the hair could easily get sucked into the air intake part at the back of the dryer.  I have shoulder-length hair, so it's not a problem but it seems like that could be a problem.  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that occasionally the high setting blows at a low speed.  I turn it off and turn it back on to high and it works fine.
Not Perfect, But It Gets The Job Done... First, let me start by saying, I use my blow dryer lightly compared to others, so I can't comment on the longevity of this dryer. I am convinced there is no perfect hair dryer out there, but this particular one does a great job.<br /><br />I really like how quiet this is compared to some other models I've owned. Even on high, the noise is dramatically muted (if you shower during your childs naptime as I do, then this is HUGE!). While I initially thought the retractable cord would be a plus, it makes storing the entire unit very cumbersome. I keep my dryer in a drawer in my bathroom. My old dryer had to have the cord wrapped around it a million times, but overall, it was pretty compact. Not so with this model. The end of the plug cord is thicker, and difficult to bend, and the nose of the dryer is a bit longer then I'm used to. Not the end of the world though.<br /><br />I tried the diffuser one day, but found it to be a huge pain to work with, so I just set it aside...I've gone this long without ever using one, I'm sure I'll be fine without it. I always keep the concentrator on though (which only adds to the size of the dryer come storage time). It's great for quick, high temp drying, or for bangs. Overall, I'd recommend this. It's a good dryer that gets the job done, even though storing it can be kinda awkward..
Christmas Gift My husband has used the same travel hair dryer for 15 years and had a new dryer on his wish list.  He wanted a small, easy-to-carry dryer.  Searched Amazon and found the perfect gift for him.
Good  blow dryer! I was really impressed with this Andis 80405 lightweight ceramic ionic blow dryer. My hair was more straighter than I thought it would be. I  also love the comb attachment.
Four Stars Love it!!
None available. I have only used it once but it was quiet. Didn't feel too hot or blow too forcefully. I still had to use a curling iron briefly to curl short hair which slipped through. Dried hair in good time (I have a bob). I liked the reviews it got and was from Japan. Took  a while to figure out some pictures which were not explained on the English page. I am happy with it.
Andis 75370 Hair Dryer I have been using this blow dryer for about a month now.  It is good for my hair because I have thin hair and it doesn't burn my scalp on high.  If you have thick hair I would recommend another Andis hairdryer.  It does leave my hair nice and smooth.  I really love it.
Hair dryer has a nice design I am happy with my purchase of this hair dryer, although I do not really notice much of a difference that it is an ionic dryer.  The look is modern...it appears to be a quality product.
Bonnet Style Hair Dryer I have only used it a few times but so far I love it. It heats up and works as good as the one in the beauty shop that I go to. I just hope it will last a long time. I would give it a 5 star if I had it longer than I have.
Works well but... I like this hairdryer and it works well, but I should have paid attention to one of the reviews that said the control switch is in a bd place. The switch slides on the handle, right where my hand is holding the hairdryer and it does get moved around or turned off while I'm trying to dry my hair. If I had to choose all over again, I would probably buy a different one whose switch is in a different location.
Awesome for the price Works well for an item that cost less than 30.00. Very light and compact. I do apt of road travel so this dryer works well.
Works really well I love using this hair dryer. It's simple to use and has a clean design. If you google the reviews for this product, you will see that many people recommend it.
Nice Hairdryer I am actually pleasantly surprised that this dryer is as nice as it is.  I was a little concerned about the quality because of the price.  The way the buttons are took a little getting used to.  I like that the handle folds in and the cord winds in.
Quiet but powerful I have had this dryer for one month now and it is performing beautifully.  It dries my hair faster than my other dryer and it is much quieter even though they both have 1875 watts of power.  Only con is its length.  Just a little too long to fit in my overnight carrier.  Otherwise I would rate it with 5 stars.
Great Blow dryer! I have kinky curly 4a hair.<br />pros:<br />I was looking for a blow dryer that had a lot of power to dry my hair quicker and make my hair less frizzy. This blow dryer does a great job drying my hair faster and it makes my hair softer and straighter. It can get very hot. Lots of power. I like that it has four heat settings. Its also very sturdy<br />cons:<br />a little heavier than I expected but its not too bad. Its four speeds but you have to play around with it to get the right speed that you want because you cant tell which is the low, medium, and high speed.<br /><br />other than that I really like this blow dryer
not hot enough but maybe better for your hair. Everything is as says... the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the dryer blowers load and strong and does dry the hair but the heat temperature is not as hot as other dryers with the same wattage.
Great Hair dryer It is well priced.  It does an amazing job at drying hair.  The product performs as advertised. The only negative is the plastic base (legs) are not sturdy (strong, firm) enough to hold the weight of the entire equipment and they will tend to bend a litle.  Pity to build a nice product and have it downgraded because the cheap construction of the base.
Great buy! You don't need a flat iron after using that tool! It looks nice and its really affordable !! Glad that I got it!
Unauthorized Seller As far as the product goes, it is a fantastic hair dryer.  It leaves my hair feeling soft and looking silky after blow drying it before I even do anything else to my hair.  However, my gripe with this product is that Amazon is NOT an authorized seller of the product and, thus, I cannot register the hair dryer.  T3 actually told me I should send it back to Amazon and refuse the credit card charges with my credit card company.  Fortunately for Amazon, and unfortunately for me, I don't have the time or money to spend trying to resolve this issue.  I just pray that my investment in this hair dryer, which I hope is authentic, will not be short-lived.  Let the buyer (of this hair dryer from Amazon) beware!
Dries hair quickly I have waist length hair and I have always dreaded blow drying my hair because it would take me a complete hour! But I was impressed with this dryer because it dried my hair in about 20 minutes! I first started with the brush adapter, but I didn't like it at all. The bristles are too soft. So I changed it to the bigger comb, which I liked. But while drying my hair it then made a crackling popping noise that scared the hell out of me. Then I changed it to the smaller comb, which I also liked, and again it made that horrible scary crackling popping noise! I'm assuming that a hair strand must of gotten inside the vent and that is what cause the popping noise. Also the reason I gave it 4 stars out of 5! All in all I am satisfied with my purchase and blame that on a design flaw. I will be careful using it the next time and hope it doesn't do that again. Also I tried changing the dual voltage. But the button didn't budge!
Works well! The dryer works well. The attachments stay on very secure and the dryer is very light weight. The only issue is that the dryer setting button easily slides into other setting while holding it.
Great Dryer This is a great hair dryer but it dosen't dry your hair any faster than any other dryer it's just hype, so if you looking for a shorter drying time then look somewhere else, but this dryer does make your hair super soft, softer than any other dryer that I've used and I've tried several brands, over all I would buy it again.
blo&go It took me a minute to figure out which way to actually use the thing but now that I've got it I love it.
Four Stars This dryer is hard to turn on and off
Great blow dryer! :) I absolutely LOVE this hair dryer. It makes my hair SO shiny and soft, and it feels incredibly smooth. With other hair dryers, my hair would look fried, frizzy, and extremely coarse, no matter what products I used. Not with this one! It has a decent amount of settings available; temperature settings are hot and warm and speed settings are low and high. The cool shot button is great for locking in the shine and shape in my hairstyle. It's easy to use this hair dryer, and it's not so heavy, which is nice.
the product is very nice in display and function I have owned this product. It lasted 3 years. The fan blades shattered into pieces.  I chose to replace it with the same unit. That translates into $10 /yr.  Prior to the Oster I had Sunbeams. One lasted 8 years. They are no longer available. There cost was 2/3'rds the cost of the Oster. Where are the economical competitors? Functionally, the latest Oster is much improved regarding sound. In fact it is whisper quiet by comparison. Overall, the product is very nice in display and function.
I would recommend it certainly powerful, and excellent value for money, other that the cord being a bit short, I'm very satisfied with it
Four Stars great.
Great Works really well and retractable cord is great for storage.  This dryer is lightweight and I love the different heat settings.  Only negative is cord button is a little hard to push.
It feels sturdy and works well It feels sturdy and works well. The air doesn't come out as powerfully as my hairdryer before but it still get the job done pretty well. I like the 3 heat settings. The buttons are in a little bit of a weird place for me, when I hold it up while blowing my hair dry sometimes I accidentally hit the heat setting. There's not a lot of open gripping space.
Very good air flow and nice having separate control of heat ... Very good air flow and nice having separate control of heat and fan speed.  A little large and a little heavy compared to others I have had.
Works great! Great little drier. Heats up quickly and blows hard. I wish it had an attchment to direct the air better.
Great price, cheaply made! Great price of course but my wife had one of these for 8 years and it finally went craps. This was its replacment and I will say it's pretty cheaply made. Hoping it will last as long as the other.
Lots quieter than previous units. I love the lower noise of this unit but it doesn't have near the volume of air of our other hand driers.  Takes a little longer to dry but, at least you aren't killing your hearing while you are doing it!
Four Stars It was ordered for a friend whose wife runs a beauty shop and he says it working fine
Four Stars I always used salon hair dryer, compare to that this is only 4 star
Professional lightweight hair dryer Love this hair dryer.  Purchased the same model August 2013.  It only lasted a year and a month before it started making a weird noise.  Ordered another one anyway.  The problem with my new one is the straightening attachment won't fit.  I'm using it without it.  Seems to work out okay.
Folding Handle is good! I like the folding handle; saves space.  Expected to be smaller but since it folds,<br />The hairdryer is a good quality and dries my thick hair pretty fast and gives a<br />silkier texture.
Like it don't love it I like this brush, don't love it.......... I expected my medium fine hair to glide through the bristles but it can be a little difficult if you have product in your hair and are trying to blow dry it yourself. I am sure it works great if someone else is drying your hair ; - )
I wanted to like this blow dryer more because of the reviews on ... I wanted to like this blow dryer more because of the reviews on it. But there just aren't enough heat settings on it, and it gets really hot, too hot! But the combs are sturdy, and it's serves it's purpose when I decide to use it. I switch up with my Vidal Sassoon dryer, when I need something with more alternatives to heat settings.
Four Stars works fine
Four Stars I love it but... it's a little heavy!
Nice dryer! This dryer is very light, very quiet, and does not burn my hair or dry it out.  I can dry my semi-long hair in about 6 minutes, using the cool shot button, and it is very smooth and shiny.  I think it has helped calm the fly-away static electricity this winter, but not completely.  Until now, I've bought inexpensive dryers that last about 3 months. I'm hoping that this investment will last a bit longer!  My only complaint is that the manufacturer will not warranty the dryer because I bought it through Amazon, which is not a certified dealer.  So, any problems will be heading right for Amazon's customer service department!
Great hair dryer with plenty of power Great hair dryer with plenty of power, however not recommended if the selling feature for you is the retractable cord as this aspect of the product did not last long...(maybe a dozen times if that).  Otherwise, recommended, great price for a great product (I've had it nearly 3 months at this point and will update if it breaks within a year).
Good dryer Heavy duty dryer.  Great construction.  Only problem....the on/off switches are a little hard to move with wet fingers.  But overall...still good product.
It's a blow dryer It drys my hair, does what it's supposed to, pretty much says it all. If it's alive a few years from now I'll be impressed
Worth the money unless you're looking for quiet Does a great job drying but it is loud and heavy compared to what I'm used to. I thought my old dryer was loud and wanted something quieter this time around. Believe me when I say this is louder than most dryers! Also, I thought the nozzle on it was long so I have to hold the dryer farther away than with my older dryer. It takes some getting used to.
Nice addition to bathroom Good, powerful, adjustable air flow efficiently dries hair. Easy to mount in bathroom although I put in an extra screw to increase wall mount security.
Loving this blow dryer. Longer dry time, but better results. I have used other hair dryers from Xtava, and this one is by far my favorite. The other one was great for quickly drying my hair, but it left my ends feeling really dried out. This one takes a little longer to dry my hair, but it leaves my hair feeling so soft and not damaged at all.<br /><br />This dryer is very easy and pretty straight forward to use. There are three heat settings on the heat switch, three speed settings on the speed switch, and a cool shot air button. On the heat switch you will find low, medium, and high temperatures. On the speed switch you will find off, gentle, and strong. The cool shot button is used to set your style. I like to use this dryer on him heat and strong speed. I use a round brush to style my hair, then the cool shot to set.<br /><br />The dryer comes with two attachments, a concentrated and a diffuser. The diffuser is great for those with curly hair who want to reduce frizz. The connector is great for people who have straight hair. It really helps me style my hair straighter, without needing a straightener.<br /><br />I really like how hight weight this dryer is. I have been having some weird back/shoulder problems over the last couple years, so the lightweight hair dryer is something that I can really appreciate. I have small hands and I think that this is very easy to hold.<br /><br />The hair dryer is quite and while it might not have the power you are used to, it works great. I like that my hair appears to be far less damaged with this dryer than any other i have used, and it only takes a couple more minutes to dry. That is a tradeoff I am more than willing to make. This is the dryer I will continue to use on a day to day basis. Like others, I did receive this to review, what I have written is honest. I would not mislead consumers as I would not want to be mislead. This is a product that I stand by.
Good for basic hair dying needs Good for basic hair dying needs. Not for styling so much. But for the price I say two thumbs up
Hair is happy Decent heat temperature and air flows.  A good hair dryer for the price.  Lighter weight than the last silver model I had.  That one lasted for nearly 10 years with every other daily use.
Blow drier Got this for more than just drying hair. These are handy for drying winter gloves, boots and hats. I also use this to shrink electrical insulating tubing and window insulator kits. A heat gun gets too hot for other projects and this is about right. Has a nice soft grippy feel in the hand too. Blows allot of aire on high.
it blows which is what it's supposed to do.<br />loud, but what dryer isn't?<br />overall seems to be pretty good. I keep it in a suitcase for traveling.
Good But cause hair to tangle The bad thing about this is that it has a whirlwind that make it hard to dry hair and the (whirlwind causes hair to spin and tangle).<br />The good thing is that it drys quick and is quiet
great dual voltage hairdryer I have not yet taken it abroad to try the other voltage, but will in about 2 weeks. That is why I got it, but it does work well here, not too noisy and it's a nice size.
Shine, fast dry time without burning your hair, low price but good quality I spent a lot of time researching various dryers and was willing to pay around $100 to get a &#34;good&#34; one.  I was intrigued by this dryer because of the Tourmaline, Ceramic and promise to boost shine.  I was also drawn to this particular diffuser because of the long prongs.  I was turned off by the low price because I assumed it would be poor quality.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality.  The dryer is light weight, quieter than my former dryer and much more efficient.  I have long, curly and very thick hair.  This dries my entire head in 15 minutes without burning my hair.  My former dryer took 30 to 35 minutes and didn't give me the shine this one does.
Bought for our camper I have the wall mounted turbo, and decided to purchase one for our new camper.  I do prefer the wall mounted one but didn't want to mount in a camper.
Four Stars It works great.
Four Stars Works fine.
is that the concentrator piece on the end of the hairdryer comes off every now and then and it can become very annoying. Works very well on my hair. One thing that stinks, though, is that the concentrator piece on the end of the hairdryer comes off every now and then and it can become very annoying.
Good but heavy! Its good but its heavy and it will tired you out really fast so be quick and efficient. Also it gets kinda hot too so you wanna be double quick! Or just stop, and wait a few if you're heat conscious like me.
Worked great for a while Worked great for a while. Tip of blow dryer broke off in first month, had to crazy glue it back on. Just died about a year later, no heat. It was a great price just wished it lasted longer.
Great for thick hair Dryer is good if you have thick hair - dries your hair very quickly.  It is a little heavier and larger in size than I prefer.  I like the attachments that come with it as well.  Very well made and good cord quality.
Great for Travel! I travel all over the place.  This is a great dryer!  It packs well, dries well, and  works in all countries.
Nice dryer This was my second purchase of this dryer. The prior one lasted many years and was still working when I replaced it. The only problem with it was the plastic buttons were cracking and falling off so I glued them and kept using it. I like the new one just as we'll, it's efficient and well made. I do tend to accidentally change the temperature setting when I'm using it simply because of where the buttons are and how I hold the dryer. I recommend this dryer despite that.
It dries. I had my last hair dryer for 8 years, it finally burnt out on me. It was also a Conair, and so I thought i would stick with what I knew.<br /><br />I have really thin hair, that dries if a breeze blows through the apartment. I just need a simple hairdryer, easy to use, with a cord that retracts. This dryer does the trick.<br /><br />My only complaint is the On/off and low/med/high heat buttons. they arent raised, they only have bumps so that your fingers ahve to either press down hard and hope the friction works, or you use a nail to force them up. many times my hands have been oily from lotion, or even dry as the desert and they wont move. its a little frustrating.
It still works like the first day i had it It still works like the first day i had it, but the retractable cord takes a little finagling to get it all the way back in.  Nonetheless, it's much better than having all these cords all over the place!
Decent dryer at a great price. Not the best blower in the world but great for under $15. High, which would be high heat and strongest blow, is more like a medium heat and medium blow. I wouldn't recommend this for someone who likes really hot dryers that blow very hard. However, for me as a man, its good enough to get my hair to stay back.
Overall, good product, but noisy. I bought this blow dryer to replace a previous, different brand that was beginning to fail.  The wall-mount installation was extremely easy, since I was able to reuse the metal mounting plate from my previous blow dryer.  The base (i.e. wall-mounted) unit contains the ground fault circuit interrupter, so the cord itself looks just like a normal cord.  The length of the plug cord can be adjusted by winding it on the backside of the base unit before sliding the unit onto its mounting plate.  Drying is quick, and the only criticism I have for this appliance is that it is quite loud, especially on its Medium & High settings.
Works great and does dry very quickly Works great and does dry very quickly.  My only complaint, and it bugs me daily, is that the switches are right where you have your fingers and they're easy to flip so I am constantly turning it off/on while drying.  That's annoying.
Very Good Great amount of air flow. Could be a little hotter though. Overall, not a bad hair dryer. Very light and easy to handle.
A great product for a great price! Overall a great hair dryer, but since the outer shell along with attachable head nozzles are plastic, it can emit a somewhat funky smell if left on for too long and on too high of a temperature.
It is a cheap product, and will work, ... It is a cheap product, and will work, but it will definitely take time, especially if you have a lot of hair to go through.
Pleased I purchased this rigid cover hair dryer for my wife.  She is very pleased with the results.  It works well for her.
It works I had it for a while and I haven't had any problems with it.  What more is there to say?
I actually LOVE this hair dryer and would give it 5 starts ... I actually LOVE this hair dryer and would give it 5 starts but due to where the on/off button is (right where my thumb warps around the handle) I keep accidentally shutting off the unit while I am using it--so for me there is a tiny design flaw. The dryers works quickly and leaves my hair shining and healthy.
Four Stars Great
Cant beat for the price. For commercial setting they are neat and clean but with heavy everyday use they get about 1-1.5 years before burning out. Very happy with the product and would recommend them to other businesses. I will be purchasing more in the future!
Four Stars Great buy
Great for Price It works great for the price, it's not loud at all compared to a small portable one I upgraded from .  The only qualms that I have is that there's no separate set of buttons for heat settings.  Basically the higher speed setting is also the hottest and vice a versa for the the lowest.
js I needed it right away and bought at Target. This is just as in the review I saw at AMAZON.com, not loud, not heavy compare to other ones and after using this my hair became shinier. But one thing negative, the diffuser is too bulky and useless for short hair.
be careful I love this blowdryer the only problem is, it is very dangerous after a couple of years it started to shoot flames, and now it just blows cold air.  My hair dresser also has one of these blowdryers and while she was blow drying a clients hair the blow dryer caught fire yes caught fire so this blow dryer seems to have a defect it can not be that two blow dryers caught fire.  Other than that its a great blow dryer
Andis 40055 hair dryer This hair dryer is smaller than I expected however I am impressed. The sound is not that ear pearcing scream small hair dryers make. The air flow and options are ideal.
Bepoke T3 Tourmaline  Special Edition This is my third T3.  The Special Edition comes with a shorter cord.  This is fine for home use; in fact, it might be better not having and 8 ft cord.  This blow dryer is the best I have ever used and the price is less that inferior dryers.
dryer is excellent, night light not to good dryer is excellent ,night light not to good.
Four Stars very good
Hair dryer This is a very nice and functional hair dryer.  One thing that's bothersome, the switch for the blue light.  It turns off whenever I hold on to the dryer.  That means I have to adjust my hold on the dryer.  Otherwise, it's pretty good.
Four Stars Love the dryer because it is small -- wish the price were not quite so high.
Great for vacation rentals I am using the dryer in my vacation rental unit and it is a real winner for my renters.
Staple hair dryer Not a lot of power but perfect in every other way.  Attachments are excellent, and the cord is right length.
Good little dryer Seems to work just fine. Good price, no problems so far.
Four Stars I am extremely happy that I purchased this hair dryer!  I have lots of fine hair and it dries my hair in about 30-35 minutes.  It does get pretty hot so I suggest a setting around 50 鈥?55.  It鈥檚 very top heavy so heed the directions and secure it somehow.  I do have to say, the first thing my husband said when he saw it was 鈥渁re you going to the moon?鈥?鈥?as it does look like a space helmet.  The directions are not very clear but I managed to put it together just fine by myself and it鈥檚 very sturdy.  I definitely would recommend this dryer.
Works great! I am very happy with my new dryer from Xtava...my previous ones were revlon (both the same model)...the first one got pitched because the cord was becoming severed from the dryer...the second because it started making a horrible noise and sparked at me!  As long as this new one doesn't do that, I will be happy!! I hope it lasts a long time!  It's a cute design, I have the blue flower.
Useful and fancy This item looks very fancy and useful to use in multiple level using cooling and light enough to use. I will buy this product again !!
Powerful We hung this in our small bathroom.  It's powerful for a small hairdryer.  The night light is super bright--a little too bright.
Four Stars Switch buttons are not easy to change. Hot air is not as strong as I expected.
Get ti Works very nice on both voltages
easy to install Easy to install, nice nightlight.  Don't use the template.  Remove and Use the plate to determine the location for screw holes.
Quick dryer It's a little bigger than I had imagined but the weight is okay and it works quick. I haven't noticed any change in my hair texture or look but it works well otherwise. And mine didn't come with a diffuser as some reviews mention.
Missing Item It's missing a screw to put this together :-( Besides that.....I received it on time; it's the right size, and the price was excellent.......
decent product Andis products are good in general but the resin comb is crap. It needs to be a hard unbreakable plastic instead because it won't last for use in the salon. Also the picture for the product shows 3 attachments and I only received a nozzle and the resin comb.
Overall, I Am Very Pleased! I am enjoying my new Remington hair dryer!  It has been a good choice, I believe.  I especially like the long power cord.  It's also very good not to get tangled.  My only complaint, if you want to call it that, is that I had expected that the hair dryer would be quieter than it is.  I checked around before I purchased it, and one of the selling points is that it is supposed to operate more quiet than your average hair dryer, but I can't really hear much of a difference, if any.  Regardless, I am enjoying it!
Great Hair Dryer The hair dryer works good drys hair fast. However when we revived it the retractable cord button didn't work other than that this is one of the strongest hair dryers we ever used.
Already had one, needed another one! My wife already has this dryer, but she wanted another one to gift someone. The good thing I like about it is the dual voltage switch, compact, very simple to use. Also it has the Cool switch that blows cold air that my wife likes as well. Overall simple to use and works good. The only con I can think of is the chord gets in the way a lot.    By the way, the old one we had is still good, except there is some rust on the rim now so try to keep it away from any moisture....
Noisy The style is fine. There are enough heat and power controls for my liking. It is too noisy when you go to the higher speeds. I am still keeping this and not using the higher speeds.
Really light for travel As one who likes to travel light, I was impressed by how light this hairdryer is.   It is a bit less powerful than I'm used to but I'm willing to take that trade off.
LOVE IT MY WIFE LOVE IT SHE TRY IT IMMEDIATELY ON MY DAUGHTER THEY LOVE IT. REALLY WORTH YOUR MONEY TRY IT.
Four Stars haven't used mine yet but my girlfriend has one and she loves it :)
Good dryer, tight fit This dryer does its job well and is convenient to use.  They really should consider changing the elastic in the bonnet to a string that is more adjustable. The elastic was so tight that I cut it out and restrung it with a shoelace. There would have been no way I could have fit rollers in it without doing that.
Beautiful, sleek and professional design. Looks expensive. This is a very nice, professional looking hairdryer. Nice color and the design is very sleek and sharp looking. Looks like it's worth a lot more than what it really cost. It comes in a nice box, so it's very suitable for gifting.The description says it's &#34;ultra lightweight&#34; but, for me, it felt like it weighed just as much as any other hairdryer. I like that it has 2 speeds and 3 heat settings. I have very fine hair, so how much heat I use on my hair makes a big difference. The hottest setting does seem to get very hot, so be careful. Also with my fine hair, the higher settings had a tendency to tangle my fine hair, so I had to usually use the medium heat setting, which worked well. The hairdryer itself was not loud and dried my hair quickly. It has a long cord and comes with a concentrator nozzle which really help to reduce frizz. The concentrator nozzle is very easy to remove and put back on when needed. I also like that this hairdryer had a removable filter, it was easy to twist off for cleaning. Overall, it's powerful and does a nice job. I loved the look and it's easy to hold and use. Hoping it will last awhile. Would definitely recommend.<br /><br />Disclosure: I was not financially compensated for this post. The opinions are my own and based on my personal experience with the product. I received one or more of the products mentioned above for free for my unbiased and honest opinion.
Dries my long hair in about 10 minutes Dries my long hair in about 10 minutes
professional bonnet style hood 1000 watt salon hair dryer, white The instructions for assembling this item were not good.  Obviously written in Chinese or Japanese then poorly translated.  However, my husband did eventually get the item assembled and I have used it only once.  However, I am happy with it.  It is quiet and efficient and dried my hair raidly.  At this point I would recommend this product.
Light Dry this is a cool and very light blow-dryer, its light and its light and its very light. its may be not as powerful as some blow dryers but its pretty strong and yes ITS very light
Great for kids, except........ This dryer was easy to install. I like the size and style; it looks great in my kid's bathroom. I would give it 5 stars if it weren't so loud, my kid's are startled each time I turn on the dryer (even with previous warning). It does dry their hair quickly, so it definetly does the job!
Four Stars Love it! Small and extremely light-weight but packs a good amount of power.
Works well - switches in inconvenient spot This hair dryer works fine.  It has several settings that are good as well.  The only problem that I see with the hairdryer is that the switches are located on the handle and as your hand wraps around to hold the dryer, you inadvertently shut it off.  It's annoying but I feel as though it's just something I will get used to in time.  Everything else about it is --- so far, so good.
Hair dryer has a good weight to it and it feels solidly built The accent parts are pink..a light &#34;princess&#34; pink...something that is not totally obvious on a mobile screen. Not a big deal, but I would prefer white or black. Hair dryer has a good weight to it and it feels solidly built. Hot/cold function works fine. I would like a bit more volume to the air, something that all newer hair driers seem to lack. I have one from 1991 that is like a tornado on its highest setting.
Good travel hair dryer It is lightweight as promised.  The handle folds up easily.
**use on low only if you are running on 220v** This little dryer works great, but a few words of advice if you are traveling outside of the US.  I went to Italy so I set the switch for 220v before I left so I wouldn't forget.  The first time I plugged it in (with an adapter), I double checked to ensure it was set to 220.  I switched it on low and it was working fine.  I then switched it on high, and within seconds it became red hot.  I looked at it and immediately pulled the plug as it was just about to shoot flames.  When I looked at the voltage, it had changed back to 110.  With the dryer unplugged, I set it back to 220 and toggled the hi/lo switch.  What I realized is that it worked fine on the low setting.  The moment the setting was changed to hi, it also changed the voltage back to 110.  Once I got this figured out, I used it on low for the entire trip with no issues.  Low was enough to dry my shoulder length hair.
Excellent compact hair dryer This is a great little hair dryer and I like the various settings.  My only complaint is that it's a bit noisy, but that's to be expected with most compact dryers that put out any volume of air.
I like the cord keeper... It's a blow dryer.  I have never noticed any difference of any dryer from the ones my mother used on me as a child in the early 90's to all the new &#34;amazing&#34; technology.  Let your hair air dry until it's about half dry, dry the dryer with a paddle brush and only point the dryer down on medium heat.  It's all the same.  I like the cord keeper and the bright color.
product good retractable cord doesn't always retract but I didn't buy it for that. <br />Very happy with the way it dries my hair.
Wish it had a comb attachment It's soooo tiny, and powerful. It works great so far for it's purpose. The only thing I'd want is a comb attachment...cause you know, natural hair needs to be straightened sometimes. Overall great product, especially for curls
Oster Professional 76932-710 Wall Mount Hair Dryer Satisified with this unit, it works well. If needed we would probably order another or one similar to it in the future.<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Jackie Wyrick
Good Hair Dryer! I would have given this blow dryer a 5, but the cord needs to be longer.  Overall it works great though.
It's still running great, and for the price I've had this hairdryer for three years now.  It's still running great, and for the price, I think it's a great dryer. I have thick, coarse, wavy hair. During the time I've owned this dryer I've had hairstyles shorter than my ears and hairstyles all the way to my waist. The choices between hot, warm, cold, and high and low flow have made it versatile through all my haircuts. It's one of the fastest dryers I've used, and on high, the air has a strong, fast flow. On hot, it gets truly hot.  (But I've never had to worry about overheating.) The cold shot is cold.  My only dissatisfaction is with the claim that it's an ionic hairdryer. They must have put a tiny amount of ceramic or tourmaline into the unit to claim that it's ionic--it does not affect it's performance.  But other than that I've really appreciated it's reliability.  For the price, it's great.
its nice I've used it only a couple times, i like it. It gets the job done. Had no problems with packaging or delivery, it arrived fast :)
Four Stars wonderful hair dryer .... very utilitarian ... easy to transport .... a great idea
My third one.......each one lasted a year&a half first of all , let me be clear that the materials used in this dryer are NOT first quality....on the other hand the design is extraordinary.......i use mine on a daily basis and , provided you use them with (extra) care they will last more than a year......repairable?......dont think about it .if you open the folding handle, it will break apart in your hands.......i believe its components are so cheap that they do not resist being taken apart.....this product has been (since the begining)assembled in south america, just to seek the cheapest manufacturing process.
Great! The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I had a better hair dryer (which isn't fair because I paid double the price for it). I bought it before moving to London for its dual voltage capabilities. It's quite lovely with its folding handle and its cord keeper.
High heat and working retractable cord It's about time there's a nice working hair dryer that pumps out the heat to dry hair quick. I'm a guy with short hair and this dryer does the job in 2-3 minutes. The dryer has a heavy and solid feel to it. Not like the light plastic feeling dryers. Also, the retractable cord actually works!
Great Hairdryer for the price This hairdryer is a definite upgrade from my old Conair one.  It is fast, and seems to leave my hair nice and shiny. My hair still seems a bit frizzy on top, but that could just be my hair or that fact that I live in a very humid climate.  The volume is pretty good.  I don't know if I would necessarily call it &#34;quiet&#34; though. The weight is also decent, but I would not say it is extremely light or anything. I read on at least one of the other reviews that the power cord was just a regualr plug, but mine was one of those safety kinds.  Overall, it is a great hairdryer for the price!
Good hair dryer! It does dry my hair faster! And I have had this for a couple months and can find nothing that I do not like about it!
but I did it myself with this dryer recommended by my hair stylist This baby is powerful. Several folks have complimented me on getting my hair fixed, but I did it myself with this dryer recommended by my hair stylist. The only drawback for me is it heavy, but I am getting used to it. Unless it breaks soon, it's worth the money. My hair dried before getting the frizzies.
Hairdryer needs to be made to last longer I love this hair dryer, however it doesn't last... I have had to replace it three times in five years.
Good dryer I purchased this dryer to cut down on noise & it did the trick. Much less noisy than my previous hair dryer. I like the look of it (darkish brown, with pale pink trim). It is NOT a light weight dryer.  If I had long hair, I think my arm would start to get tired! I like the switch location - near where your fingers go.
... broke down before I thought it should but I love the compactness on the wall and night light and ... The first one broke down before I thought it should but I love the compactness on the wall and night light and the two speeds r just right for me.  This is my second.
gets the job done Bought this so that my 9 year old could begin drying her own hair.  She liked the bag that it came with and she has no problem holding it...the full size driers are a bit heavy for her.  If I dry her hair I still prefer the beastier full size....its faster.
Powerful This is my first non-$12 drugstore hairdryer and I think I'm satisfied.  The difference isn't as miraculous as I was hoping it would be but it's still a very good hairdryer.  When I used it with no attachments it blew my hair into oblivion but dried my very thick hair in record time.  Not a hairdo I could leave the house with though.  But when I used the curly hair attachment (the one with the prongs) it worked perfectly (albeit taking longer to dry).  My only complaint is that the buttons are placed right where my hand holds the dryer which means that until I got used to adjusting my grip, I would constantly be turning it off or changing the settings inadvertently.  I don't really like the way that I have to gingerly hold the thing to avoid this.  Overall, if you're looking to upgrade to a grown-up hair dryer, this one is a good one.
So far so good. After reading the good to excellent reviews I purchased the dryer recently.  The delivery was speedy and all the parts were included.  My adult son, who's good at assembling things, put it together for me.  I'm African-American with long Locs that I roll-up on curlers and my hair dried evenly at a comfortable setting.  I had to place thick cushions on my folding chair, which is somewhat low,  to sit high enough for my head to be covered under the dryer.  I wasn't able to adjust the height locking knob to lower the hood.  I'll have to call on my son again.  I love the convenience of giving my hair a deep heat conditioning, rinsing, rolling it on rollers, then drying it with my own professional bonnet style hood dryer.  My curls were soft and springy.  I've only used it once and so far so good for the price, timer and range of heat settings, size of the hood, ease of use, and aesthetics.
Game Changer! I was told by my hairstylist that this dryer would cut my blow drying time in half. My hair is thick and long, so that really appealed to me. With my boar's round brush, I didn't notice much difference. However, a friend recommended I buy a metal (thermal?) brush with holes in it for quicker drying time, and combining the new brush with the force and heat of the this new dryer, I HAVE cut my drying time in half AND my hair is softer and shinier. GAME CHANGER! When I used my new brush with my old dryer, it did not have the same effect, so it seems to be the combo of the dryer and brush for me. Totally worth it!
Nice smooth hardware. Does the job. Nice quality feel. Smooth operating switches. Not too garish a color like those bright red Conairs. Unique. Nice. Happy with purchase.
Good product Light weight with great power.<br />It has great heat and I would recommend<br />to friends and family! Thank you conair!
This hair dryer is amazing! only flaw This hair dryer is amazing!<br /><br />only flaw: there's no swivel cord, making it resist moving around.<br /><br />Otherwise, its great! the PERFECT size for my weekend bag and there are plenty of settings.
love it...but pricey I have very, very curly hair that I get straightened, and also recently had a Brazilian keratin treatment done, too. I'm tell you all this because the keratin treatment is supposed to significantly reduce the drying time of your hair, and it does. So, while I did notice a shorter drying time with this dryer than with my other ones, it wasn't a really valid measure of how much better and faster it was, because any dryer is pretty fast for me now.    I decided to use the dryer on my daughter's long, thick, wavy hair. The unit got to be a bit heavy - it wasn't noticeable for my hair because it was such a short drying time (7 minutes?) but not as bad as many other full sized dryers that I've used. This one is a smaller unit, but it is loud. It did successfully dry my daughter's long hair in 1/3-1/2 the usual time. And, her hair was shinier and softer than with a regular dryer. I am assuming that's from the tourmaline and/or ceramic as we used the same conditioner's we've always used.    So, overall I'm pleased but I think the price tag is a bit much for a fairly heavy and loud dryer.
Great value for the money! Works well for the money invested. Simple, two-speed rocker switch is adequate for most applications. Holder is very secure (easy to take dryer out and to put back). Cord hanger is a nice touch, especially if unit is mounted where the cord might dangle onto counter, into sink, etc. Moderate noise level, typical for this size of device.
Happy with my purchase I have very thick, very curly hair that is below my shoulders and this dryer works great.  I diffuse my hair and my only complaint is that the nozzle on the dryer is a little big and is a tight fit for the largest connector to my Helen of Troy diffuser.  It is a little heavy, but I don't hold the dryer above my head when I dry my hair...if I did, they weight of the dryer would probably be a little bothersome.  The hot setting on the dryer gets really hot - which I like, and the cool shot button gets the dryer as cool as possible reasonably fast.      After trying and returning other dryers, I'm happy with this one.  It's not too expensive and it works great for me.  I've only had it about a week, and some other reviews said it stopped working after a few months, so we'll see.
Compact Traveler The dryer works efficiently and is easy to pack. The unit does not have the power of my older traveler hair dryer, but is more than adequate.<br /><br /> I would buy this product again.
the hair dryer is good, but the brush bristles are too soft the hair dryer is good,but the brush bristles are too soft!
SIMPLE DYER=FOR$ FINE FOR THE MONEY ITS FINE鈥IND OF SMALL. POWERFULL. DESIGN AND COLOR ARE GREAT.CORD IS SHORT TOO鈥ONT BE FAR FROM OUT-LET
Works wonderfully I have had this for more than a few months now, and can say it works wonderfully.  I have not noticed, personally, and huge difference because of the tourmaline ions, but that isn't to say that there isn't any.  I have pretty normal hair, and it has stayed pretty normal.  I will say that this system seems to dry my hair a bit faster and it does not get that brittle feel to it when I actually use it to style my hair as well.  Good product, good price.  Not a miracle worker, but reliability is sometimes more important than miracles :)
Four Stars Great hairdryer, does what it needs to.
Four Stars works great.
Sleek great settings but has initial unpleasant odor Very nice blow dryer. Bit of an odor the first uses, it needs to burn off before it will fade. Pretty and very happy with the number of speed and heat settings.
Very happy The dryer is great; great temperature control too and very quiet. This is very important since I live in an apartment.  My only complaint is that the timer should also be quiet. It is constantly ticking (it's not loud but you notice) when in use so you hear it especially when you're in the dryer. When the dryer is finished it &#34;dings&#34; that it's done and it can startle you if you are not expecting it. I just have to get used to the ticking timer but in general I am very happy with the dryer.
A little wonky to hold Good hair dryer.  A little heavy.  My only real difficulty is that I had to make a conscious decision about how to hold it as I dried my hair.  There is not much space between the 2 sets of controls for a good grip and I have to remember not to grasp it up high in the angled area or I press the &#34;cool&#34; setting and lose my heat.
Plenty good I really like this dryer, ti does the job well,  I have  not used the attachment since I have short hair, So I have to review just the hair dryer alone it's really good, I recommend this one. Plenty of choices for air flow.
nice and powerful, love the nite lite... but now its starting to have a noise in the motor. love the nite lite and the heat settings. but after having it now for almost a year the motor is starting to make a noise....it stops  working every now and then. I would order this again if it burns out.
Some people described this as being very light. I ... Some people described this as being very light. I would say it's normal. It doesn't put out a ton of air and it doesn't feel very hot, but it somehow gets my hair dry as fast as my old hair dryer, and that's all I care about.
Great power! For those who have said that it's a bit heavy for them, they are correct. I do wish it was lighter. However it is not that heavy, and it dries my hair so quickly. Some people have said that the cool shot button is in a difficult place. I have not found that. I think it is very easy to use. In all,  I'm very happy with this dryer.
Nice product well built good product, good price fast delivery exactly what I expected. would purchase from this seller again. built better than I had expected and well thought out. makes the age old problem of hair dryer storage and cord tangle fade away. looks good on the wall and has enough cord to mount just about anywhere in a normal bathroom.
I like it but the only problem is everytime I dry ... I like it but the only problem is everytime I dry my hair, the front cover always falling out :(
Good one. Very fast and rightly hot. Makes a bit of noise and heavier than usual. But I still like it, for its looks and quality,
It works I like this dryer. It helps to straighten your hair. I do hate that the combs are plastic and probably won't last too long. If you have really coarse hair be careful with the combs because they just might break. All in all it's worth the price.
Wife loves it The bearing in my wife's blow dryer was getting pretty loud (enough to wake me up in the morning - she gets up before me).  Got this one based on the reviews here and elsewhere.  It looks good as far as blow dryers go I guess (I don't use them), It's actually fairly quiet, considering.<br /><br />I asked my wife about the 'frizz' claim the other day, as I was skeptical about that part of the claim - and she said it really does work (she normally has a 'frizz' problem).  Not sure if it's a placebo affect, but she's happy, so I'm happy.  She likes it better than her previous one, so that was already a plus.
Very Surprised Purchased the Onei MK-II to replace my wigo. After purchasing a Chi & Sedu I was hesitant to purchase the Onei. This by far has surpassed my expectations & my experience with the Chi & Sedu. I need a hairdryer to meet my needs: dry without loss of volume & decrease amount/use of root/shine styling products. Very surprised at how gentle the air flow comes out & how fast my hair dries.  I assume it's based on the barrel shape of the Onei dryer vs a more cylindrical barrel like some dryers. The packaging of the dryer far exceeded my expectations. The quality of the Onei feels/looks better than the sedu I purchased months ago. So far very surprised & looking to see if this will outlast my last dryer a wigo(5yrs).  I have had this dryer for only a month & have not heard of this brand before. That's why I only gave it a 4. So far loving it better than the Sedu & Chi.
Hot I have only used this Hair Dryer twice.  The dryer gets just as hot as the ones in the salon
I love this hair dryer I love this hair dryer.  It is very quiet but strong.  It puts out an amazing amount of heat.  The only negative thing I can say is that the buttons are right where my fingers are and sometimes I shut it off.
Frizz-free drying This is one efficient dryer, and it seems to do a great job in reducing frizz in my curly hair. I use it with the diffuser (haven't attempted a straight styling with it yet) and I get great results even on the high-hot setting. Love the the cord retracts for easy storage, too. Wrapping a cord around the handle every time gets old pretty fast when you're using a dryer every day.
Four Stars Great product
Andis 75370 Ionic/Ceramic 1875 Hair Dryer This is a cadillac of a hair dryer. It handles more than your basic drying needs. It is reasonably priced and is made by a quality manufacturer.  It more than meets my needs by having multiple blower speeds, heat selections and a dryer adapter. The cord is flexible, long enough and doesn't easily tangle (bind up while using it). All features work well. In addtion, it is realitively quiet and the unit feels sturdy in the hand. Further, I have yet to experience my hair getting inadvertantly pulled into the dryer (I have long, straight hair).
Best dryer I've ever owned but not without flaws I bought this dryer to replace an old cheapo Remington hair dryer that I bought. The Remington didn't last me long (less than a year) and in general was a mediocre hair dryer but it got the job done.<br /><br />I'll start with the cons: I have thick long straight hair with a natural wave, my day to day hair style is scrunched. I have a universal diffuser that I love to use, it's huge and has high sides that are easy to scoop my long hair into. Unfortunately the first thing I noticed about the John Frieda Hair Dryer is the unusual shape of the nozzle. It is big and short and my universal diffuser does not fit it, nor will any universal diffuser on the market (at least I haven't found one yet). So I'm forced to use the attached diffuser that came with it. It does the job but it's not as easy to use as my old one. The buttons are also in a very awkward place, right where my thumb sits when I'm holding it so I'm constantly turning the temperature down by accident. I also end up hitting the cool shot button all the time. It takes some adjustment to get used to.<br /><br />Otherwise, this hair dryer is excellent, it's extremely powerful. It has cut my hair drying time down by half. Most of the time I don't even use it on full heat. If you don't use a diffuser or aren't married to using a larger universal one, I would definitely recommend this hair dryer. If it wasn't so awesome, I would probably return it for not fitting my diffuser but I think using the included one will be an okay compromise for me.
Sturdy dryer, annoying buttons. My wife purchased this hair dryer after reading so many positive reviews.  It's still going strong a year later, but she complains her fingers get in the way of the buttons on the handle, turning the hair dryer off while she is trying to dry her hair.
Good but... I gave this a four because the adapter that fits on the end constantly falls off.
It's an average blow dryer I use it every day ... It's an average blow dryer I use it every day and haven't had any issues, if you're looking for a simple everyday blow dryer this will do the trick.
top heavy so hard to move around but warms up ... top heavy so hard to move around but warms up quickly.  gets really hot so u don't have to put the setting high
Four Stars This has been a great tool.  The temp control, tools, looks have all been as claimed from the site.
The hair dryer has performed very, very well. ... The hair dryer has performed very, very well. I hadn't realized how much time the old dryer was taking to dry and style my hair.<br />Claire Greenberg
Andis 82075 Hair Dryer This is the first time I've purchased a hair dryer on line.  It seems that I've had to replace my store purchased dryers annually if not sooner in the past.  I'm hoping this one is better built than the others I've owned previously.  It does seem to be a higher quality product.       I have to confess that the color of this hair dryer was what initially caught my eye.  It's a powerful dryer....certainly has shorten my hair drying time.      I like this product a lot with one exception - - the position of the buttons.  They are situated at the middle of the handle.  I end up accidentally shutting off the dryer constantly in the midst of drying my hair!  Not a big deal - - just sort of irritating.  Had they moved the buttons higher up on the handle, this problem could have been eliminated. Perhaps they'll make that adjustment on the next model.    Nonetheless, I think this product earns a 4 star!
Happy Hair We had been using a Windmere hair dryer, which my husband owned prior to our marriage twelve years ago, that finally bit the dust.  My husband was looking for a hair dryer with side vents vs the rear vent.  We purchased this sporty, red model - and, so far, have been pleased with its performance.  Features a low/high speed cool setting which is slightly warm, and a low/high speed high heat setting - which I have rarely used - the cool setting is enough for us.  The only improvement we would suggest is in the way the switches are set up. Dries my medium-length hair quickly.  I would recommend this product to others.
very lightweight Works really well and is very lightweight. It is a little louder than I'm use to and that's why I docked a star.
Good quality This dryer  has good, strong air flow and is conveniently small for traveling.  It is a good bargain for the price and I would recommend it.
good hair dryer I like the hair dryer, but i don't like the fact that the bonnet doesn't stay puffed up with air as it dries your hair. the high choice of hot air does not give off extremely hot air as many dryers do, and this is a plus for me. i don't like to get scalded while i'm drying my hair.
Hair Dryer Good deal for the price. Could use increase in blower speed. Like the ability to change heat setting. Would recommend.
Great results, but back weighted and blows the breakers I usualy get these types of hair dryers, con air or revlon, not too expensive and I prefer the ones with two switches like this one has- off, low, hi and a cool, warm hot switch. I used a conair 1875 cord keeper on vacation so I added this to my wish list for Xmas. I have wavy curly somewhat course and frizzy hair which I blow dry straight. This makes my hair so soft and shiny that I have to use a volumizing gel to get any lift. I am using the included diverter with it, maybe that is making the difference. With previous hair dryers I would have needed to flat iron to get it this smooth. It did take a while to get used to the weight, it is heavy and the handle is at a strange angle that makes it harder to hold than previous hair dryers I've had. Also I really was surprised at how much power this draws, it blows the breaker if I have lights on in other rooms. My husband looked and said it draws as much power as our microwave! Generally I like the results, just wish it was more comfortable to hold and didn't blow the breaker. It seems to run less hot than my previous revlon 1600. The cord keeper function is nice.
Satisfied. Arrived as expected. Satisfied.
Great dryer, nothing needed This is a great hair dryer!! It's cooler than most, which is what gives hair its shine and control. Works very well.
Works great I really like this hair dryer.  It dries quickly, not real noisy, and the retractable cord is a great convenience in my tiny bathroom.
Four Stars Works great so far, heats up fast, and was a good price! No issues so far!
Gets the job done It takes some time to get your hair dry, depending on how many rollers you use and your hair type, but it definitely gets the job done. it is sturdy and hot enough without burning you to a crisp.
Near Pearlfection I just used this dryer for the first time last night and I really like it. I have long thick slightly wavy hair that falls just below my shoulders. It usually takes 20-30 minutes to dry with a regular hair dryer and a paddle brush to keep it straight and tame the frizzies. The Remington Tstudio Pearl cut my drying time in half! My hair did indeed dry faster and came out smoother looking with a silky shine. To top it off, I barely needed to use my paddle brush to straighten it--only a few brush strokes here and there to keep it knot free. My only complaint is the cord could be a little longer. I have to plug my hair dryer up above my head next to the light fixture of our medicine cabinet and the shorter cord makes drying my hair upside down for added volume next to impossible. Other than that, I'm pretty satisfied with this hair dryer.
I like the hair dryer I like the hair dryer, but have to get adjusted to the longer gun barrell.  My other model had a smaller barrell and I held it closer to my head.  This barrell is longer and I keep bumping my head if I am not paying attention to what I am doing.  Nice dryer for the price and works great.  Two temp's and two speeds.
No More Clunky Dryer I received this hair dryer as a sample for review and evaluation and I have found it to be working well. It comes in a nice box that is very suitable for gifting.  The pros on this dryer for me are that it is lightweight, has a long cord, is sleek and not bulky, and comes with a concentration too. The con for me (someone that has long, thin, fine hair) is that it tends to be hot even on the lower settings. Sometimes this is a pro but overall for my hair type it is a bit too hot for the total drying process so my hair tends to be more tangled at the end. All things considered I still think it's a great dryer and I realize not everyone has my hair type.
Excellent product Great product I read reviews so kept my unit on low! Wow!  Low gets really hot so it does the job so far woo hoo!!!!!
Good, not perfect. I picked this out because of the cord-keeper design, and it replaced my functioning 1875 watt non-tourmaline dryer. Unless you really want a cord-keeper dryer or have already chosen the ~$30 price point, I might look around more before settling on this one. However, it does the job and I'm going to keep it. Personally, I wish I hadn't been so desperate and had spent a little more time looking, but I'm also willing to spend a little (or a lot) more money for something I won't want to replace later.<br /><br />Pros:<br />* cord-keeper - no tangled cords!<br />* good wattage - fast dry<br />* tourmaline does soften hair - noticeable, but subtle<br /><br />Cons:<br />* heavy - I like to hold the dryer vertically above my head and it's significantly heavier than a non-tourmaline.<br />* large - this is above average in size, don't think you're going to travel with it.<br /><br />Some low-star reviewers mentioned the finish coming off on their hands, and I'd just like to clarify that is a random flaw in their dryers. I have porcelain skin and use this on the highest setting for about 20-30 minutes and have not seen any finish come off - so if you're worried about that, it's not the norm.<br /><br />As far as this being a tourmaline dryer, it's an upgrade from non-tourmaline; the technology used dries the water on your hair and you should see less heat damage. In my perception, it does not dry any faster than a non-tourmaline at the same wattage.
Conair Hair Dryer with Cord Keeper This hair dryer works well.  The various settings dry soaked hair as well as damp hair.  The price was right.  The cord-keeper is a practical aspect...no more wrapping the cord around the dryer.
I've been a Hair Stylist for 10+ years and this brand of hair dryer has been the best. I give it 4 stars for everything but it is heavy, that is the only down side.<br /><br />I've used this brand since my Beauty School Days, from salon work to freelance studio works, I've found this brand to be the best. The brand has yet to fail me.  It continues to be the most popular salon brand among the stylist.
Solid & lasts for 2 and half years. This is a solid hair dryer. The settings are sufficient, and it will blow your hair dry fast. I use it on my short hair, and it dry and voluminous in less than a minute. My wife uses it to do her long, think, asian hair, and she is very satisfied. No complaints about this dandy little device.  Update on July/2015 After 2 and 1/2 year using about 2 times a week, it started to break last month and we're getting a burnt smell sometimes. While in using, the power would go on and off. It's a good price to start with. I think we got good value out of it.
Definitely recommend this mirror I've been using this mirror for ten to fifteen years.  Recently, the bulbs went out and I discovered that there's no easy way to replace them, so it seemed worth it to just buy a new mirror.  Actually, this one is a little bit better.  I think that lighting technology has changed a bit since I last bought it and the lever that changes the lighting is smoother.  My last one became very difficult to move and it eventually broke off every time I tried to move it.<br /><br />All in all, the option to change the lighting is fantastic and it gives off plenty of light to be able to do my makeup in low light situations.  I'm hoping it will last another ten to fifteen years, this is well worth the money.
Like the dryer High heat is very high.  Like the dryer.  This is the second one I have bought.
Hair dryer Very nice little blow dryer. I have short hair and it dries my hair in minutes. Both speeds work great and it is light weight.  Only draw back the cord is a little too short. Other than that it is perfect
So far so good I've used it 3-4 times now and it dries quite quickly. I have hair; locs down the middle of my back and I like that the bonnet is large so that my entire head dries. I tend to either braid or curl my locs and it takes forever to dry them when I set them. But I can sit under this dryer for an huor or less and my hair is fully dry.  I did not give a 5 because one of the casters arrived broken. I haven't had time to make a claim with the company and I probably won't because it's such a pain in the neck. I just chose not to insert the wheels.
spanish curls gone straight! it really works! I bought this dryer to replace another professional dryer I had.  I was so surprised at how light and quiet it is!  When I first opened the box, I didnt think it was going to work as well as it claimed because it felt like a toy. But, I am very pleased with the results.  It dries my hair faster, my arm doesnt get tired because its SO light, I can still hear my house phone ring because its so quiet, and it stays cool to the touch so you wont burn yourself. It will even straighten dry hair (for those mornings when you need a touch-up.) My whole curly-haired family has tryed the Tourmaline and loved it!
Four Stars Great product!! Only thing is base gets really hot after 5 min.
Just what I was looking for I had a previous Infiniti by Conair model for several years, but was looking to upgrade it to something lighter with a retractable cord, which is exactly what this is. I have medium-long hair, and this dries it in about half the time of my old one. The cord sometimes doesn't go in all the way, I have to pull it back out a bit and press the button again, but this really hasn't been an issue for me, and my vanity drawer is much neater now.
Good, Affordable Hair Dryer I needed to replace my professional-grade hair dryer, and I was considering all my options. I wasn't sure that I wanted to spend a significant amount of money, so I tried this model, which had fairly good reviews.<br /><br />It's fairly quiet. It is not as powerful as my old dryer, but it is significantly lighter and seems to be constructed well. So far, so good.
Amazing !!!!! So I received my order super quick! Ordered it Sunday night received it on Tuesday morning ! I've used it almost every week since I bought it. I have a pixie haircut and I use it to sculpt & style my hair. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the switch there are about 4/5 different settings from cold shot to the highest setting of high. The switch is very poorly placed and u have to carefully switch it up or down or u would most likely end up breaking it. Great product I just hope later versions fix this cause by the looks of thing I might need a replacement.
Decent little dryer We needed a hair dryer for my baby after getting out of the tub. This little dryer does the trick. It gets a little hot when on the high speed, but as long as I hold it several inches away from his head, it's fine. Can't beat the price and the size, it fits nicely in a top drawer when we have guests.
Good value for the money This hairdryer does exactly what it promises: dries hair fast and keeps the dryer handy but neatly out of the way--all for under $25! The only thing I don't like about it is the noise it creates. I wanted to buy the *quiet* version, but couldn't find it available anywhere.
Perfect for its purpose Nothing wrong yet, had it for a while. Handle is peeling a bit, some people might care, I don't. I'm spoiled by salon quality dryers so you get what you pay for - wish this was hotter sometimes, wish the peeling didn't happen, but it's not affecting the job it's doing so whatever. It's just a dryer!
What a difference in my hair! Best hair dryer I have ever owned.Love the cool setting.It makes my fine straight hair shiny and silky but still gives it volumn.I dry it part way on the medium setting and finish with the cool.It takes a little longer to dry but my hair looks amazing.Four stars only because for me the extra long cord is way longer than I need.I can see where it would be useful to a lot of people though.Nice weight for anyone that has issues with arthritis or tendonitis like I do.Throw out your drug store hair dryers and make the investment.You wont be sorry.
multiple drying options This has a lot of different drying options (cool to high heat), although it only goes from low to high on the speed. A medium speed would be great as the low is a little TOO low.
LOVE THE FEEL OF THIS BLOW DRYER 4 STARS BECAUSE IT IS A GREAT BLOWDRYER, BUT THE ONLY CON IS THAT THE CORD IS KIND OF SHORT. IT IS VERY EFFICIENT AND BLOW DRIES MY HAIR SILKY SMOOTH AND SLEEK, IT COMES WITH SOME ACCESORIES AS WELL WHICH IS A PLUS SUCH AS A DIFUSER. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE FOR THE GREAT PRICE!
Pretty good buy! Fast shipping,  was exactly like the picture.  Easy to put together and it's quiet you can barely hear it running.  Mines did come without the screw but I contacted the seller and they quickly sent the parts. So overall it's a pretty good dryer and works great! Gets the job done, very good buy!
Nice I bought this for my wife and daughter. They tell me that it works great. Very good product and price.
Painful...but definitely worth it I'm 34 years old and I have really sensitive, semi-dry skin.  I have some hyperpigmentation from sun damage and monthly blemishes.  I have maybe had 2 facials in my life so my skin was not used to such a high concentration of salicylic acid, or any other kind of acid for that matter.  I have used the product about 4 times now.  The first time I used it I literally felt like the skin was burning off my face.  After the fourth use it's at the point where it still burns but it's not unbearable and I can last the whole 10 minutes.      Although the peel is painful it has definitely been worth it.  I was afraid I would have a lot of dry skin on my face which would show through my makeup since I have semi-dry skin already but it honestly wasn't that bad.  There were probably 3 small dry patches but you couldn't see them through my makeup and after the second day I used a dry washcloth and wiped the dry skin off.  My skin is very smooth now and the hyperpigmentation is almost gone.  Before I would never go out in public without makeup on because I felt like people could see my age in the condition of my skin but now I have no problem going out with a clean face.  I have used a number of products of all price ranges in the past to minimize the hyperpigmentation and nothing ever worked.  This is the first product I have ever used with success.      If you can't stand the pain and can only tolerate a minute or two the first couple times you use this product you will still see outstanding results.  Also, it says to use lotion after using the peel but I have been putting on toner and that has really been a more effective way of moisturizing my skin immediately after using the peel.    I gave this product 4 starts out of 5 due to the pain.  As far as effectiveness is concerned it deserves 5 stars but the stinging is really unpleasant.
I love it I absolutely love my blow dryer. It's not crazy hot to the point of burning my head but it still dries my locks;  all 3.5 feet of it.
Broke after three years of use, I mourn its loss - not bad for $20 hair dryer, though This hair dryer was everything I wanted: retractable cord, folded for space concerns, relatively light-weight. Worked well enough for me. However, it broke today...but I've had the thing for three years. I've used it pretty sparingly, maybe drying my hair once a week? Tops? Except for two month-long periods, in which I got a haircut that required more attention.    I'm going to buy a similar one, I think. I love the design. <3 I'm so, so sad that it's dead.
time will tell of the true quality I have enjoyed this hair dryer overall.  I previously had a ConAir and in comparison I think this one is of higher quality.  It is heavier than my previous one, but I think this is due to the quality of the motor which I am hoping does in fact help this hair dryer to last longer than most.  It does feel slightly awkward due to the weight and length of the barrel, but nothing that I found as a hindrance.  I noticed that several other reviewers had trouble with getting their hair stuck in the rear vent, I have long hair and have yet to have this problem, but I do agree that a cap of some sort would be nice to prevent this.<br /><br />The hair dryer includes three different heat settings- I found one to be quite hot, one warm, and one cool.  It also included two speeds.  I have found that the fastest speed is best used with attachments otherwise my long hair would get quite tangled.  As far as time, it seems slightly faster, though not as noticeable as I thought it might.<br /><br />My hair does feel quite smooth and seems to be less heat damaged from my drying, though I think time will tell if this hair dryer is truly salon quality.
Great product! The retractable cord is really nice Great product! The retractable cord is really nice. The air does not add static to the hair. I wish it came in other color options.
I Like It Purchased because I needed a hair dryer, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. I like it. If you want something that gets the job done and doesn't cost a fortune, it's a great option for you. I've used it several times now and I've had no issues.
Great Dryer for the Money Overall, love the dryer. I do wish there was a hook for hanging and ultimately would love to see a medium heat setting. The dryer really does make my hair shine! Good deal for the cost and the retractable cord is a a lifesaver.
For a cheap Hair drier it does a good job. Bought it for the girl friend for when she stays here. She likes it and she has a fair amount of thick hair. 2 temperature settings and a hi low fan switch. Unit does its job.
Great value though Wish it had more attachments. Great value though!
Glad I stuck with Conair My old hair dryer was a Conair that I had for about 30 years, so when replacing I felt confident in buying this brand. I did not have an Ionic one before, so this one is a big improvement. My hair turns out much better and it takes much less time to dry than my old one. I am very happy with this selection. I have not tried the attachments yet, but plan on it soon.
I always trust Sassoon This particular dryer is very powerful, yet lighter weight than others I've owned.  It's very easy to handle, has several settings available, and the accessories are easy to attach.  My only criticism is that the concentrator is remains stationary which means I must turn the dryer to direct the flow of air, but it's not a big issue.  Am making a recommendation to the company to make the change.
Works well! Nice &#34;bang for the buck&#34;!  Only negative: the back end sieve fills up w/dust and hard to clean...
Good, but not for thicker than most hair. I ordered this because of the price and the reviews. It's a decent hair dryer but the bristle attachment (the only one I had planned to use) was flimsy. Flimsy in a way that the bristles bend from pressure easily so if you have a lot of hair, it wont go all the way through. I would suggest this item for people with, at most, normal thickness hair. I would not suggest this item for women of darker skin. I myself am Caucasian but I have medium thickness, curly hair and I can just barely use it. I have to use the comb attachments and thats not very fun. I suggest this item mostly for women with a little but of curl that they want to straighten out.
Heat settings a little too warm Overall the power and cord length in this blow dryer works very well.  My only complaint is the temperature of the warm setting.  With very fine hair it is important for me to use as little heat as possible on my hair to avoid damage.  The warm setting is hotter than my old one, and I've never even used the hot setting!
NICE!!! Very good hair dryer. Slightly heavier than a DC motor, but we knew that going in. Works great thus far and hopefully will last a lot longer than other dryers!
Great blow dryer! Love the diverse settings! Does a great job of drying my thick hair quicker than other dryers I have tried.
Great dryer Works well, dries hair quickly, and it does reduce frizzing. Very light for its size. I have accidentally turned it off while holding it a few times, but it's easy to correct by holding it a little higher up--it's not really a big deal. Definitely worth it for the price.
need a little more power and a little longer cord Attractive and easy install.  Husband thinks it does not have enough power and we are hoping the cord will relax with use. Great feature hanging on wall and not fighting with cords in drawer or cabinet, so we are going to try and adapt.
So far, so good Web site description adequate and accurate. Delivery timely. Mounting straight-forward. Lo-speed & Lo-heat; Hi speed & Hi heat. Both appropriately matched. Insertion into and release from wall mount easy. Noise level comparable to other mfgrs' units I've used at my gym. In service less than 1 month so can't comment on durability. Does an excellent job of making my lazy crew cut stand up.
Four Stars Very powerful and comes with great accessories and a carry bag!
Worked for me Worked okay for my application.  I have no hair so I can't speak to the effectiveness of this unit when used for it's intended purpose.  I bought it to dry parts.  :O)
bulky This dryer works great.  Only complaint is that it is a little bulky.<br />That being said ...... My wife loves it.
Good but now over priced @ 19.95 Works fine but at their higher price no longer a good buy
Shorted out after 4 years 4 months. I purchased this Blackbird in December of 2006 and now in April of 2011 smoke started coming out of the on-off switch, so I got a good 4 years out of it.    In this day and age when this product like others offer no warranty time at all I quess thats pretty good.
Lightweight, big flow I bought this product because it was highly rated by Good Housekeeping as best lightweight dryer.  It is lightweight and easy to handle.  Dries fast, even on Low Heat. The fan on-off switch has the Off position in the middle of the rocker... wish it were the Down position. A bit confusing when you are not looking.  Also, this would be a fantastic product if the very, very long cord were a retract.  The long cord is a real asset.. no doubt about it and it doesn't tangle. I would certainly buy again.
very colorful and bright!!!! I got this in the mail today.I was so happy when i opened it the colors are beautiful and bright!!! I was a little sad that one of the eye shadows was broken and it was messy when i opened it.:(  Other than that I love it, and it goes on great and does not look chalky or cheap at all!!!! GREAT BUY!!!!
great product and price I read all the reviews and decided to give this hair dryer a chance since it was such a great price. I have to say that it's lighter then the one I had before and it's super quiet and I don't feel like I have to use ear plugs just to dry my hair. It dries my hair quickly. I thought about getting an ionic dryer but my hair dresser said that it really wouldn't make a difference. I'm very happy with this dryer and I'm going to buy one for my mom.
meets my expectation price is ok and this product definitely meets my expectations. only, the ionic feature is not so well developed. i have a braun ionic hairdryer and i love the ionic feature. i almost anticipated that the ionic feature is not be so good with this product on account of the low price and i was right. so, the product is fully ok, only if you buy it just for the ionic feature, then you might be disappointed.
Four Stars DAUGHTER LOVES IT
It's a hair dryer Blows cold and hot air. The paint eventually cracks after a couple months, but it's for blowing hair not looking nice. Works great for me!
Great blowdryer for the price that gets the job done Great blowdryer for the price that gets the job done. However, the &#34;High&#34; setting is noisier than I would have liked.
Good dryer My wife had used this at a hotel and liked it for its compactness and its heat setting and airflow.  It is rather noisy, but it is light.
Best brush I could find on Amazon The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I agree with some of the other reviews, it should be longer.  I wish about 4 inches longer, and it'd be perfect!  However, its not a huge issue, when I use it in the shower I can scrub my back from above my shoulder, and then from below to get my lower back.<br /><br />Also, you can't tell from the pictures, but the brush needles are held in place by glue, not staples as I think someone else had written.  No rust should occur on this since it's all plastic.
Four Stars Works well and not too noisy.
dryer who does not need a blow dryer to dry ones hair. it is an okay blow dryer. it will suffice for now.
A good item for the price I love the way this hair dryer works on my hair - WAY less frizzies than my regular old hair dryer. The cord is extra long and the bright orange color is WOW. However, the unit is a bit heavier than what I'm used to.  Also, the location of the Hi, Low and Off button is such that I find myself accidentally changing the heat setting while in use. Otherwise, I love this produce and highly recommend it.
Not real strong, but works ok. My daughter uses this. She said it's not really strong, but it shines her hair. Not bad for the money.
Andis hair dryer I like Andis hair dryers a lot.  This version has a retractable chord and a folding handle.  Great for my daughter's college dorm room with limited space.  Great for travel.  I would give it 5 stars, but it has limited heated selection.  Wish it had a warm setting...instead of just the hot.  Other than that, it is a nice, powerful, convenient dryer.
Four Stars It works pretty good for the money...
would buy again weight is good and the air preassure is great too!  One small thing I don't like about it is the button location for the temp.  My fingers wrap around that part of the handle and they hit that button and change the temp.  I would buy again though....
It's a fine dryer, and I use it occasionally when I'm ... There's a learning curve with this dryer. What I've learned:<br /><br />1. Don't dry your hair all the way (if it's curly) The frizz will erase all the work you just did.<br />2. Place your hair cradled in the dryers teeth and THEN turn it on. Hold for as long as you need, then turn the dryer off before moving to a new section. Any time this dryer is not full of hair and right up next to your scalp, it's making a frizz mess.<br />3. After drying 75% of the way, stop and clip up your roots to avoid flat head. I find that the hair next to my scalp is still a little damp and susceptible to flatness.<br /><br />It's a fine dryer, and I use it occasionally when I'm in a hurry, but for curly hair (I'm a 2c/3a with fine hair) I find it's always best to air dry.
Great hairdryer Great hairdryer. I've added a diffuser, and it's great for my curly (and therefore frizz-prone) hair.
good value The dryer is a good value for the price.  I purchased this because the cord was retractable and it is easier to pack when traveling.  It is light weight, which is a plus as I have thick long hair as my arm doesn't get tired.
Four Stars Good, steady product so far.  Only concern is the weight. Bit heavy.
Great if you have shorter hair Solid, albeit heavy. Great if you have shorter hair, but I imagine the weight would be kind of a pain if you had more to deal with. My wife loves it, though! It's hard to find a good retractable cord dryer!
Plug It works well but it takes a lot of room over the outlet. Large square plug cover both of them!
Works as advertised It is a simple hair dryer that I think works well, especially for the price. The only gripe I have is that the cord is on the short end, other than that I am happy with it...
Four Stars works great
Like it I have only used it in the low setting, and it works well for me. It is a bit big. I have to find a way to easily manage the cable easily after each use though
great air flow, but heavier than my previous dryer I love the look of this dryer; the red is so cool!  And it has a more reasonable airflow than most of the dryers I've tried.  I don't need that much force, just enough to get my hair dry.  It also lets you pick from several different combos of heat/air flow force.  The only con is that it weighs more than my previous dryer... but not enough to make me send it back.  Overall, I'm pleased with this purchase.
Excellent product Exactly what I wanted. Excellent dryer.
I like it I'm male with long hair. This dryer works just fine for me. I read the good reviews on Amazon before I bought it. I feel the dryer is adequate in every way and a lot better than most I've had. So, why not 5 stars? I don't know. Maybe it is the look or the feel. But whatever it is, this dryer does a great job. For me it is just not easy to love a hair dryer.
Get's the job done I bought this hair dryer because I did not enjoy sitting under my overhead dryer. I have very thick hair and it would take me up to 2 hours or more sitting in one position while being very conscious to not slouch. The Conair SB1 Bonnet Hair Dryer allows me to be more flexible with where I can dry my hair. Before I would have to be seated near a table only. Now I can sit on the couch or even lay on the bed. I have put this on and taken a nap while it dried my hair. It can be a bit uncomfortable since the hose gets hot after sometime and will touch your skin, so it does require some adjustment there. The benefits though were worth it to me. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has long hair drying times and would like to be able to sit at their PC or watch TV or just have their hair dry while they take a nap or go to bed at night.
hot tools hair dryer review This product is of good quality.  It's lightweight, the cord is long, it's a little quieter than my previous hair dryer.  The only thing I didn't like is that when I use the hottest setting,it's not as hot as I would like it.
Misrepresented it is not small for traveling purposes I feel that this product was misrepresented since it was listed in the travel dryers.  It is the size of any large dryer and I needed a dryer for traveling that was compact to fit into a small case. It had all the requirements I wanted except way too large.  I have two large ones already.<br />IT WAS NOT COMPACT  That was my only complaint.  I sent it back of course.
great hairdryer I purchased this hairdryer after the last one (which was just like this one died.)  I love that it is a wall mount and is out of the way and not a hairdryer laying on the counter.  I also like that it is quieter than most hairdryers.  It is not a &#34;Turbo&#34; type dryer.  I have shorter hair so it is works well but if I had really long hair I might would consider a stronger one.  I also like the night light on it.  It is not a really bright light, but just enough to shed light to walk into the bathroom without bumping into things and not have to turn a light on.
good dryer Some ppl have complained it's loud. It's a hair dryer... they tend to not be quiet :) Maybe it's a little louder than my old one, but it doesn't bother me. This seems to dry my hair faster than my old one too. I like that. Plus my hair didn't seem as frizzy as usual.
she liked Bought thid for my girlfriend... she liked it
Good Solid Product I have only been using it for a few weeks but it is working very good.  It seems pretty sturdy.  It is a little top heavy so you have to be careful moving it.  Also because of the design it doesn't not angle down quite as my as I would like which forces me to lean back in my chair a little.  It is quiet except for the timer.  It provides plenty of heat I usually have to lower the temperature after a few minutes.  It was easy to put together.  Overall I am pretty satisfied with it.
Does it's job nicely. I dropped one star because the dryer I ... Does it's job nicely.  I dropped one star because the dryer I had before did it's job but was smaller, lighter weight, and the hairdryer never got too warm to put away immediately after use.  This one needs to be turned off and left sit for a few minutes.
i like it this is a good product, especially for the price - quite powerful, i like the folding handle and retractable cord and it doesn't eat my hair.  My only complaint is it has shut off once or twice on its own.  It came back on after a minute, but it makes me wonder about its longevity.
Very good hair dryer. Seems like it's of good quality. Low setting takes too long to dry long hair. Definitely would be better without the night light, or if there was a switch to turn the light off.
Compact but a lot of power. This is definitely a powerful compact dryer.  I took this on a vacation with me, and it fit pretty well in my backpack, where I only traveled with a carry on bag.  There are only two settings, but it gets the job done.  I have used full size blow dryers that don't nearly come close to how powerful of a blast this one provides.  The plastic attachment that comes with it doesn't fit very well, and it easily pops off, but overall this is a great dryer to use for travel or everyday use.
Works great! This product works good for drying my hair quickly. It is very hot and drys my hair very fast but it is noisy and loud.
Pleased with replacement [[ASIN:B0009XH6XC Andis 33700 Hangup Pro Turbo 1600W Wall Mount Hair Dryer with Night Light]]  Replace a nearly decade old unit that just finally wore out.  Works great. Wish the night light was not quite so bright.
Much bigger than in the pic Picture is very deceiving, the hair dryer is bigger than the pic. However, good quality for the price, and I get great use out of it.
great hairdryer I had one before and was lost without it.  Ordinary blow dryers take longer and don't make my hair look as healthy.  I could not wait for my replacement to come.
Good light weight blow dryer! Got it super fast! Gets the job done. Left my hair smooth and shiny!!
But guess they liked it. Bought as a gift as well. But guess they liked it.
Love Bed Head, Great for the Price I purchased this as a back up to my more expensive blow drier to give to guests to use or use while traveling. I must say, this works almost as good as my more expensive type. It gets just as hot and keeps my hair shiny and also has the conveniently located cold shot button. It's also extremely cute.
Tight bonnet Bonnet was very tight around the head. I took the elastic out and replaced it with some 1/4 inch elastic material purchased from Walmart, taping it to some automotive wire and threading through the bonnet. Now my wife likes it very much.
Good deal for the price Inexpensive. Lightweight and easy to hold. Blows warm and hot. i was disappointed as it *does not blow cold air*. Not the longest cord so you have to stand close to where you plug it in. Be careful about holding it close to your head as it will sometimes pull your hair if the intake on the sides gets too close! I have shoulder length hair and have to be pretty careful. It does a good job of drying my hair. It's not too loud, after all its a hair dryer!!
So sad. But I forgot to change the voltage switch.  So sad.
Perfect Size for Travel I took this hair dryer with me on a trip to Europe this summer.  It takes up very little space and is powerful.  In other words it does the job for which it is intended.
Works as advertized It dries hair, just like advertized.  The amount of 'hair static' effect seems reduced vs. my previous hairdryer.  The unit is a bit heavier than I expected, but the weight is balanced so handling is fine.  It's quieter than I expected even at full speed.  The cord is longer than needed in my personal situation, I find a cord that long just gets in the way.  The cord is straight, not coiled.  The big block thing at the end of the cord (vs. just an AC power plug) I find a nuisance since my power outlets are already GFCI-type outlets. Basic controls are fan & heat: 2 fan speeds + off & 2 temperatures + off.  The number of temperature settings advertized is a bit misleading - (&#34;4 temperatures&#34; is actually achieved by a combination of temperature switch & fan switch settings.)  Instructions (for English anyway) are generally lacking, but with a bit of experimentation one can figure out how to work it.  I rate the dryer 4 stars primarily for these reasons:  The &#34;Removeable stainless filter&#34; is a nice feature so hair clogs on the inlet can be removed, but getting it all back in place is not easy, it takes careful manipulation because the parts are not finely fitted and they bind easily (at least on my unit.)  Because of the binding and poor fit, I was afraid of breaking something in the precess of putting it back together after cleaning the filter.  The ad says: &#34;Includes concentrator&#34; - I assume this is supposed to be an attachment to put on the nozzle, my unit did NOT come with any extra parts.  All things considered I think it's overpriced and in some ways the ad is misleading.  I do intend to keep it, but will shop around again if I ever need another.
Light as a feather but a real work horse. GREAT hairdryer it is so light and works so well.  This is my second one the first one quit working because I wrapped the cord around the dryer and broke the wires at the end that goes into the dryer.  My own fault and I am being very careful not to make the same mistake again.  Lost without it while I waited to get the replacement. Great settings for low and high heat and slow and fast speeds plus the cool button. You really can't go wrong with this hair dryer. I am now on my third dryer and the same thing happened to this one the cord broke just past the reinforced cord portion. I will continue to purchase this hair dryer because of all of the other features because it is so light weight and the heat and drying speed controls. Just wish the cord would stop breaking.  I was care not to twist it around the dryer this time but it still broke.
I don't have to go to the salon anymore I used to go to the salon every 2 weeks where I got acrylic nails and an airbrush design, I gave that up a little over a year ago, I really missed the nail art but now I can do it myself with the Konad plates! I think its neat because I can change my nail colors more often than what I could in the salon, and the whole reason I liked going to the salon was because I liked nail art, now I can do it myself as often as I like so if I get bored with a color I don't have to wait 2 weeks to remove it, I can redo my nails myself. I only have a few complaints, the full nail designs are a little hard to do across your thumb, I think they could be a little wider and its hard to do on a color wheel (the plastic wheel of nails that people use as swatches in salons) unless you have the double sided stamp and use the small stamper (which works great on like an accent design like a flower or a star but not so well on a full nail design.) It's kind of time consuming and tedious because you have to wipe everything off between each nail. Also if your new at this I recommend starting with a design that doesn't cover the entire nail.
Great dryer... great dryer... I just wish the cord wen further up into the retractable handle.
Great hair dryer This hair dryer really can't be beaten for the price. It gets the job done and also comes with a diffuser and a concentrator.<br /><br />The barrel is very wide, moves plenty of air, and is one of the quietest hair dryers I've used, but also definitely does not have that strong of a fan. I don't mind this usually, but sometimes if my bangs are acting up I'd really like a large amount of air/heat to put them in place. Usually the concentrator is fine for this but it'd be nice to have a bit more flow.<br /><br />The diffuser is also very nice. I've never really used a diffuser until getting this but it generally keeps my thick, curly hair frizz free as long as I don't dry it completely. If I dry it 100%, then I definitely get some frizz on the top layer of my hair.<br /><br />Overall, very happy with this product for the price.
Great for travel! Travelled to Brazil and were a bit afraid that for the value it would actually work well on 220v outlets, but it works great so far! Only problem is the attachment is very lose and does not stay on, falling easily and frequently while drying my hair. But still, I recommend it!
Four Stars Nice price nice product no complaints
Does its job light, powerful, plug a little big, but over all a great buy, and easy to use, easy to pack, does it's job!
Great Product I am perfectly satisfied with this blow-dryer. Although it is fairly small, it is quite powerful and dries my hair in no time.<br />Very happy with my purchase.
Liking my Orange Hari Dryer :> I have long, wavy and very thin hair. It usually take me 15 min to dry it and with this Farouk is just 5 min w minimum frizz!  I used many cheap (under $40) hair dryer one, which all were a big disappointment.   I bought this Orange Farouck 2 months ago and I am very happy w it.  To begin with the price was wonderful ( 250.00 actual price and I bought $45.00 on Amazon). It is also light weight and have soft volume ( hate loud hair dryer ) and it dries my hair in 5 minutes. If this dryer had  shorter cord or had retractable Cord I would give it 5 stars.
Great price, good dryer Hair dryer works well with plenty of heat and air. Can't beat the price! I bought it to heat dry electronics that may have gotten wet or need dust blowed out.
One star Thought it would be more powerful, is it really 2000 watts?
Good investment - after several uses I am pleased with performance My hairstylist recommended I buy an ionizer hairdryer because it does not dry out hair as much as others. I invested a couple hours researching on line and reviewing the products here at Amazon. In the end, I selected the Conair Ion Shine because it was 1875 watts, was an ionizer, was priced affordably, and the design seemed good.<br /><br />Now that I have received the item and have had some time to use it, here are my ratings:<br />STORABILITY: 2.5 stars  There is a hanging loop, but  the cord is heavy and awkward. The unit is heavy enough that whatever hook one would hang it from would have to be substantially mounted so it would not pull out of the wall. (Wall mounting is not an option for me). Also, after only two uses, the cord has already begun to twist, which is a negative.<br />VALUE: 4.5 stars  I knew the Amazon price was reasonable, even lower than my local discount stores. After I purchased this item,  I found the same model at BIG LOTS for a dollar more and in different colors.<br />PERFORMANCE:  5 stars  Dries hair quickly without using high heat temps. Unit comes with a few attachments. The diffuser is really large and awkward to store. The unit has a hinged filter that opens easily for cleaning. The removable filter is the standard small piece of material that I have seen in other high-tech fan devices, including the high-end SmartTechnologies Smart Board in my classroom. I'm figuring the filter material is pretty standard. In my previous hair dryer, the fan did not have a removable filter for cleaning; eventually the old fan clogged so horribly (despite my attempts to brush it out)that it slowed down and eventually killed the unit.<br /><br />Other note: If a younger child will be using the unit, she may find the unit feels heavy or hard to hold after a while. I suggest looking for one of the smaller, portable units for tweens.
great for the price great blowdryer for the price, has three settings, is definitley an improvement over my old dryer. Im not sure if this gets as hot as I would like, but for the price, I am very satisfied.
Revlon Turbo Hair Dryer I received the Revlon Turbo hair dryer sooner than expected. After moving out of my parents and into my own place, I went a couple of months without a hair dryer. I straighten my hair every other day and my hair is really course and thick so it takes a while for my hair to dry on its on without a hair dryer. I wanted something that wasn't pricey so I settled for this one.<br />It does the job! My only complaint is that the cord is really short so you are restricted to just about a 2ft distance away from the outlet when the dryer is plugged in.
Hair Dryer holder This product arrived as described in the product information.  It is easy to use and has been a big help.  I have RA and have trouble holding the dryer up for long periods of time.  This took care of the problem.
Hair Dryer For the price it was worth it.<br />I like this product.<br />I would recommend it to anyone looking for the same thing.
but still a great compact dryer that looks great in my bathroom I wish this one had the Ionic feature that my other one has, which seems to dry my hair a lot faster, but still a great compact dryer that is a great addition to my bathroom!
It works great. Live the retractable cord It works great.  Live the retractable cord.
Four Stars I like it
Four Stars Excellent power with easy to use temperature change contol.
Works great; but unsightly Love the fact that it really is hands-free, but it is quite a monstrosity! It took me awhile to find the correct height that I wanted it and the right bend, so I feel like I have to leave it up. Thank goodness it's not in my way TOO much, but it certainly is an eyesore.
Conair is great! In my rush to get ready for work in the morning, it is nice to have this extra strong dryer to blow on my balding head after my shower for 90 seconds in the early morning light and make it appear that I actually have more hairs than I do. I like the ability to choose a cool as well as a hot air setting. The filter unhinges from the back for easy cleaning.
works great! but beware I've been using for over a month now and i see a HUGE differance!It has made my lashes almost twice as long and about 1/3 thicker but not any darker (natural blonde my lashes are white). Now for the beware part DO NOT buy from directsupercenter!!! I got my package very late. Box came totally crushed I had wanted to give the first one I bought to a friend as a gift but being late and crushed I could not. Also i looked and the rapidlash it self had been opened and tampered with after being listed as new!
Works well, temperatures are a little different than what I used to. I bought this after my brand new Revlon hair dryer stopped working inexplicably.  I was looking for a cheap hair dryer that i could use every few days when I need my hair dry faster than usual and that wouldn't crap out on me right after I bought it.  It's 3 months later and it still works great! I don't really have many gripes about it.  They only thing I'll mention is the &#34;warm&#34; setting seems a bit too cool for warm.  I've always used the warm setting in the past because I don't want to fry my hair with the &#34;hot&#34; setting and &#34;cool&#34; doesn't dry fast enough. With this hair dryer, I use &#34;hot&#34; more as the &#34;warm&#34; setting just doesn't cut it.  Other than that, great!
Keeps to itself The hair dryer does well with my thick hair. good in the hand, the cord is a bit forceful. At times I have to pull it out again to get it to retract fully but this could be attributed to independent factors (angle of handle when activating cord keeper).  Fantastic for saving space.
Handy travel hair dryer I gave it for stars because it is noisy. I didn't use it very much on my last trip, but it came in handy for drying clothes in a humid climate. It's also handy if someone is in the bathroom and you can't use the hotel hair dryer. For the price, it's worth keeping one in my suitcase.
JUST BOUGHT MY SECOND ONE! I first encountered this hair dryer while using one at a hotel.  I was so impressed, I wrote down the name of the dryer and searched for it on line.  I bought this unit from Amazon and used it for several years.  It finally saw its last day.  I immediately went back to Amazon and purchased another one.  I received it within 2 days and am once again content.<br /><br />Pros:  retractible cord, folds for packing, dries very well, affordable and salon friendly<br />Con:  sometimes gets too hot
the wall mount feature is the best for keeping a clutter-free countertop This is my second Andis wall mounted hair dryer, which replaced one that was over 5 years old.  Of course, the wall mount feature is the best for keeping a clutter-free countertop, but I also appreciate that it is quiet and has the power to dry my hair quickly.  (I have thick, shoulder length hair.)
Light weight & my hair become shiny smooth The hairdryer looks elegant, of very light weight.  I used HIGH warm speed to blow dry then used Medium Hot to style my BOB.  I do have some problem though to set the right side of my hair using my left hand.  It is not very intuitive with the design of the shape.
Basic, but does the job fine This hair dryer does exactly what it's meant for. Good quality product overall. The only thing I'm a little unhappy with is the switch which seems a tad cheap to me. Slides a little loose in the 3 positions, but it works fine. I would recommend this to someone. Price is right and it's perfect for travel.
I have thin fine hair and it is gentle enough on my hair ... I have thin fine hair and it is gentle enough on my hair and gives me the volume I need.<br />Thank you.
nice production, nice seller The hair dryer is very nice. Just one drawback for me. As the standard voltage is 100v, in north american, I do no dare to use other level than set.
that is a good thing i guess After a bunch of reviews well read, i choose this hair dryer, i have to say its TOO powerful! that is a good thing i guess, for me it was kind of crazy to manage, i have short and thin hair, it dries my hair so fast and powerful that i have no time to make a style on it.<br />it is dry already with no shape.<br />Maybe for a professional  with better manage of a drier will be Perfect, i am still working on it.
Great hair dryer Great hair dryer.  In addition to its useful purpose, I like the retracting cord so that when the dryer is put into a drawer, the cord is not getting into everything else in the drawer.
like hair dryer ok like hair dryer ok, my husband found it frustrating to install, strength of air flow needs to be a little harder.
hair dryer The size and weight make this dryer very easy to use.    The on-off switch was difficult to turn on and required opening up the handle to move a bunch of wires out of the way that were blocking it.
Good product Very lightweight but powerful. My hair gets dried very quickly.
Nice heat...but not quiet. I bought this as a gift for myself.  I was a wee bit disappointed, as it didn't live-up to the quietness of my past ionic dryer.  It 'blows' hard and is quite noisy relative to it - even on the low blower setting.<br /><br />However, the hand set is comfortable and it does the job with lots of blowing noise.
Quick drying of hair without making it brittle. Gave ... Quick drying of hair without making it brittle.  Gave my hair quite a bit of volume as well which was a plus!
The speed and heat settings being separate are nice. The anti-static seems to work The speed and heat settings being separate are nice. The anti-static seems to work, compared with my 8-year-old dryer my hair doesn't frizz up as much.
Great little hair dryer Great little hair dryer. It's so hard to find one in this style. It's not too big, and its settings are pretty basic.<br /><br />I gave it 4 stars because the barrel of this gets incredibly hot (the coils make up almost the entire barrel), so it can be hard to handle when you're done and want to wrap things up and put it away. It has to cool off first in order to do so.<br /><br />Other than that, it does the job and I do like it. Great replacement for my old one that died on me randomly one night.
It's good I do wish the cold shot button was colder and the blower was stronger but overall it's nice and when I use it, it does well enough.
Nice Smaller Dryer This dryer is attractive, appears well-made, and is fairly small; it would be a good dryer for those limited in space and for travel.  Pros: heat and speed options, moderately quiet motor.  Con: no cool shot button.  If you like this style of dryer, this is a good choice.
Quality Dryer This Remington D-2009 T-Studio dryer may be the best value on the market for this type of dryer.   Pros: Low-pitched, quiet motor, not too heavy, variety of heat and speed settings, very well made, dries with relatively low heat.  Cons: High setting so powerful I couldn't use it to style my hair, and although my hair was very straight and sleek using this dryer, I felt it dried out the ends.  Neutral: I prefer a wider barrel opening; this one is quite narrow.  If you want a powerful, quiet, well-made dryer, this is it.  If you want a gentler dryer, this isn't it.
Nice ceramic dryer for a low price I discovered this hair dryer at an upscale hotel in  Boston and took a photo of it with my phone to remember to research it. I am pleased with my purchase, it is lightweight and travels well.
Great dryer Leaves hair silky and drys fast. It's a bit heavy, but I'd recommend for how much nicer it leaves your hair than an average dryer
Excellent dryer I needed a dryer to process permanent color faster (spritz inside of processing cap with water, cover hair completely with cap, set heat to med with low airflow for 20 mins, water turns to steam, reds are WAY more vivid, gray is completely covered, hair turns out glossy and moisturized) and to dry wavy extensions with low heat. My salon is attached to my home and I have a small clientele so I didn't want to spend a lot of money. This dryer is powerful enough without blowing a breaker and has lots of temp settings with a high/low airflow setting. This dryer does blow, obviously, so if you don't want to wear a net while drying a roller set, use an infrared orbiting processor that works without a fan.
Lightweight and quiet I am still getting used to the dryer.  As a blow out stylist, it is hard to transition to a new hair dryer.  It is lightweight and quiet.  I am not sure if I notice a big difference with the ion button.  It could just be me, I do move quickly from client to client.
Decent Hair Dryer I bought this hair dryer after having two other wall-mount hair dryers die after just a year.  The dryer itself is a bit bigger than the others, which I am hoping will help it not to overheat, which is what I believe shortened the life of the other hair dryers.  The build quality of the unit itself seems pretty good.  It's got some weight to it and it feels solidly built, not cheap at all.<br /><br />My only complaint with this unit is that the air doesn't come out very forcefully.  The older, smaller dryers that I previously owned blew much harder than this one.  My wife prefers the less forceful air, it kind of acts like a hair dryer with a diffuser on it.<br /><br />Overall, it seems like a decent unit, I hope it lasts longer than the others!
Four Stars Great dryer, just a little heavy and...the buttons are very flat, making it hard to slide on and off.
so far, so great I received this a day ago and it works well, is quiet and my hair is still on my head.....I REALLY LIKE THE CONTROLS!  IT WORKS LIKE A CHARM!
Better than conair As its a lot stronger than Conair's hair dryer and can get your hair dry in 15 mins (I have waist length thick wavy hair). Not very heavy (I am a small person and it doesn't feel heavy in my hand). Like all other hair dryers it does dry out your hair and damage it. If you use it on the highest setting and for longer duration like 25 mins, you will not need to straighten your hair too much as this itself would do the job. However, unlike the straightener, this will keep the volume of your hair.
Very good, but consumes a lot of power. Works well, and even the cool shot is very powerfull. This runs around 1800 watts and does not work in other voltages execpt for US. (Does not work for 50-210/240). Only works in 60-110V. The cord is long enough.
Easy to use This works well and easy for me to hold over my head when drying my hair.  The night light is almost too bright and there is no off/on switch for it, so I unplug the unit when I don't want the light in.  If I needed a dryer for the gym or RV, I would choose a model with the dryer and holder as separate units so I could pack only the dryer alone.  As the unit is installed in my bathroom, it works well for me but not easy to take anywhere else.
Really great hair dryer I initially purchased this to use as a travel blow dryer (mainly for the gym). It turns out, that it works better than the one I keep at home. I have fairly thick hair, and it's gone from chin length to an inch or so below my shoulders since I bought it.     Pros:  -Dries my hair very quickly  -Retractable cord is awesome (don't need to deal with winding it around the dryer)  -Folding handle is awesome as well (takes up less space when storing)  -Not bulky     Cons:  -Very heavy, and thus not very portable which defeats my intended purpose
Actually works better than I thought. But price still seems a little high... When my wife first said she wanted me to get her this for her birthday, I though she had lost her mind. $100 for a hair dryer????!!!!!!!    Well, gotta keep her happy so I got it for her. After her using it for about a year, I must say that it really does work better then the cheaper hair dryers she's been using.    Her hair tends to get frizzy and this dryer really does solve that problem a lot better the $25 hair dryer she was using before. It seems well constructed. MAKE SURE you clean out the filter under the back end cap!! It kept stopping every 5-8 minutes & my wife thought it was overheating. But I noticed that the filter was clogged. After cleaning it, the hair dryer was back to normal.    I still have a hard time with paying $100 for a hair dryer but I must say that it actually does seem to work better  than normal hair dryers.
Dryer is OK Dryer is good but after only having it a short time the retractable cord does not work like it should it only retracts half way.
Good so far I never owned a blow dryer before so i cant really compare drying time. Other than that i like the the item as a CG i choose to only use low heat on my hair with a finger diffuser to dry my hair. Which cuts my 8+ hrs (air drying) down to an hour (if i want it to be 100% dry) of waiting for my hair to dry. A couple of things that knocks this down to 4 stars instead of 5 is that you cant use the switches to keep it on a cool setting only the cool shot button, but holding down on that button while trying to get my entire head feels akward to me. Also, the finger diffuser that comes with it is tiny. I ended up purchasing a larger universal finger diffuser instead to cut down on the drying time.
Works well but loud Its not as good as the ones in the hair salons but it does the job. I have long curly hair and I'm under the dryer for about 70 minutes. Only negative is that its very loud. I get banished to another room when drying my hair as to not disturb the rest of my family.
Comfortable and fast So far so good.  The light weight and speedy dry time help me reduce stress to back and neck muscles.
I like this hair dryer I like this hair dryer.  I bought it based on reviews.  It is slightly heavier than my old one, but it's well balanced and is smaller, which I like.  As far as the placement of the buttons, I find that my thumb goes right between both buttons so when it's on, I don't move either button during use.  Quite happy with this purchase.
Very good hair dryer I used the same brand hair dryer for 2 decades before buying this dryer.  I was very satisfied with it from the moment I turned it on.  It dries my hair fast and well.  Nobody knows I really have curly hair.  I was apprehensive to try a new dryer but this was a good choice.  I highly recommend it.
hair dryer This is a great dryer, but its a little too heavy. It dries very quickly and does not harm hair.
Four Stars So far so good
Happy with the product i wanted a blowdryer that i could easily travel with.<br />This little dryer has lots of power. and very happy that is comes with the concentrator (which many of the others dont).<br />only thing is it does get pretty hot, so you just have to get used to getting around that.
Good With a reasonable price, this conair hair dryer is good! Have tried it for couple times, it did perform a great work!
Great hair dryer. ..only This dryer has 3 sppeds which I love and it has a button for cool shot. I found the location of the button was a little difficult for me but after a while I got used to it.
Tiny and portable, good, effective Surprisingly light and effective for drying my hair. It came with extra attachments in a cute zebra-striped bag. I wouldn't use it on the highest setting or for long periods of time. It is super small and easy to take around.
conair hairdryer It is okay. It doesn't get hot enough and the buttons are located where you hit them with your fingers.  I am not crazy about it and certainly would want more heat fromit
nice quiet hair dryer this is a nice lightweight hair dryer which I appreciate as I have FMS and it's hard for me to keep my arms up above my shoulders for any length of time. Also like that it doesn't blow my eardrums out. Satisfied with it. Got it as a gift from my daughters.
Nice hair dryer This is a nice hair dryer.  It's up there with some of the $100 dryers I have purchased.  It isn't whisper quiet, but it dries hair fairly quickly.  I love that it has four different heat settings.  I have long, super thick hair, so I need a strong dryer, and this definitely does the job.
Works like a champ... a heavyweight though! The controls are pretty straight forward, no different than most other hairdryers.  Has off, high, and low switch along with a cool shot that surpresses the heat for cool drying.  Works really well and heats nicely. I have short hair so it only took a minute to dry.  I had other family members with long hair give it a shot and all agreed it was top notch.    Really like the metallic apple color too, makes a boring hairdryer look like a pretty cool appliance.    The negative has to do with the weight. This is not what I would consider a travel hairdryer. One other reviewer mentions it weighs over 2 lbs and they thought that was light... I totally disagree. If you travel a lot you know that 2 lbs added to your suitcase can make a big difference. Even lugging this thing to the gym everyday would be a work out. It does come with a travel pouch and a nice feature of easily twisting and untwisting the handle does make it a little more compact, but it is still rather bulky to stick in a gym bag or carry on suitcase.    I highly recommend this unit for home use, for travel, I'd suggest you find a more compact/lightweight unit and skip this one.
Works good. I am really fair skinned and this the only stuff that does not make my legs turn orange. I find it only lasts a few days for me though, because I shower twice a day. At least it helps me to keep from blinding people on the beach with my whiteness....
great product! great for the price. i needed a slightly more powerful dryer for my thick hair but no complaints.
Love my new hair Dryer I love it because it retracts and folds. Its not that heavy that you can bring it with you when you travel. My hair dries quickly. I gave a 4 stars because the dryer is not that hot.
Great but Bullky It could be me, but I am used to a much smaller hair dryer. This felt just a little bulky for me.  Also the attachment seems useless. A comb would have been far more appropriate. With that said, it works like a charm! The temperature switch could have been better placed as well, It wobbles for some odd reason and the cooling button is directly were you would place you hand. Just seems weird. But the heat is great! I have very thick hair, this dryer got the job done. For the Price you cant beat it!
Good product. This item is a very good product. The price is right for this Dryer. Ergonimics make it easy to use and hold.
Good gift Bought this for my girlfriend, she loves it. Can't give it a 5 because she doesn't believe in them, and I haven't used it for myself seeing how my hair is nearly to my scalp haha.
Inexpensive & Powerful This is my second Conair 1875. Purchased this one as a replacement because my previous one was on the verge of kicking the proverbial bucket (I had that one for about 6 years).<br /><br />There isn't anything fancy about this hairdryer, but it's also pretty damn cheap so one shouldn't really be expecting bells and whistles.<br /><br />It does the job, and in my experience holds up very well.
Four Stars Great, would highly recommend it
I love it!! I love this dryer.  It heats like a professional dryer.  The only con is that the wheels don't roll that well and you have to hold the bonnet when moving it to prevent it from toping over.
Four Stars Seems to work. Don't use it much.
Gift for my daughter. My daughter has enjoyed using the hair dryer. She wanted a blow dryer that could handle her thick hair, and this one does.
Good for the price It's a good hair dryer for the price.  I do find that it smells like it's burning on High/Hot. I use it on warm and low so it's just fine for my needs.<br />I tried a SalonSalon hair dryer at a friends house which was fabulous - turns out it costs $169!  Way out of my budget. This one will probably last a year and then I'll probably buy another Sassoon tourmaline ceramic - helps keep the fly aways from flying away!
but it also doesn't seem to make my hair like a burnt crisp Does the job. Dries my hair. Not fast, but it also doesn't seem to make my hair like a burnt crisp. So, all good.
Good Hair dryer but does not really blow hot air It does the trick however High is not as high as most hair dryers and when you put it to blow Hot air it's not Hot at all more like warm very light warm....
Great when still alive. Loooooved this dryer. About a year and a half in and it's no longer working. Not an awful timeline but disappointing for the price.
Works great so far I like this product.  It dries my hair fast.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I have only had it for a month.  We will see how long it lasts.
Good but night light is too bright Good, compact hairdryer.  Looks nice and works well.  I have short hair so set it on the lower volume.  Also, hardwired it to an outlet.  What I do not like about it is the night light.  It's too bright.  I think I am going to disable it.
Great for the price! When my old hair dryer died on black Friday, I knew there was NO WAY I was going to Target to buy a new one that day.  So, I hopped on Amazon, found a well-rated, inexpensive model and then paid almost the purchase price to have it shipped to me on Saturday.  Totally worth it.  This works as well as any hair dryer I've had.  I noticed that it doesn't have a &#34;cool&#34; setting (although it does have a &#34;cool&#34; button).  I've never used that setting, but if you need a hair dryer with a cool setting, this one won't work for you.
Good power but gets hot This is the second version of this dryer ive had. Almost exactly the same setup as the first. Great power as usual. I have a LOT of hair so power is essential to speed up my morning routine.  My only complaint, just like the model before, is that the hot air comes out of the separation between the buttons and the frame and can bother my hands. It's manageable, and again I'll take it because of the power. The other thing I should mention is that I had the first version for over 3 years before the motor finally gave in. So good purchase as it lasted a while.
Love it Its awesome!! You just have to dab a little bit on your eyelid and rub it in  with your finger. I would recommend it to anyone :)
Amazing power great size, lots of power, perfect size, great price, love the extras, but don't care for pink! Had no choice.
It Does the Job Very Well I purchased this item so I could return to styling my granddaughter's hair at home. I was very upset that she and her mother had chosen to perm her hair, because it is falling out terribly. The dryer functions very well with minimum noise. She does not mind sitting under it. Her hair was thoroughly dried. It stores very well out of site in a closet. My grandson tries to use the stand as a coat rack. Overall, I am pleased with my purchase.
Great dryer! Great dryer!!! The directions were not made for people who have no idea what they are doing, so it tooke about a month or so to actually put it together!!  But I got it and I love it. I would just say, put in better instructions to follow.
It's exactly what I was expecting Easy to install, easy to use. The noise, some people complain about, comes with the size; how do you expect to blow 1600W through such small opening. It suits my needs. I'm giving 4 just because it's too early to make any conclusions regarding quality.
it will be fine! Haven't actually used this yet, it will be fine!
For thin hair girls like myself, you need a dryer with a more ... if your'e looking for a low blow hair dryer, for styling bangs or just for thin hair you should get this.  For thin hair girls like myself, you need a dryer with a more gentle blow in order to get volume.  IF you're looking for a fast dryer, this is NOT it.
Good Dryer. Hot but not too hot.  Lightweight.  Compact.  Only flaw- would like more focused air stream.  Otherwise...just right.  Hope it has a long life.
Four Stars Nice and lightweight!
Nice Little Hairdryer I like it.  It dries my hair pretty quickly and I have long hair.
Overall a great blowdryer I bought this blowdryer about three months ago and still love it every time I dry my hair and my daughters hair. I previously owned a very cheap blowdryer that was very old until it broke. My daughter and I had long hair until we recently got it cut, but it would dry our hair unbelievably fast. I removed one star because yes it is heavy and the buttons are placed in a terrible spot. However, the quality of the drying power is amazing. By the way this is my first review ever written because I wanted recommend this product to everyone.
Great hair dryer This hair dryer is small and powerful, I use it every day. The &#34;hot&#34; setting is definitely hot and I wouldn't necessarily recommend using it often (I'm under the impression that is bad for your hair!), though I admittedly use it a lot when I'm running late. My only complaint is the length of the cord, it's ridiculously too short!
Great Purchase! I got tired of paying $50 per week to get my hair washed, so I decided to do it myself and purchase a dryer.  Of course,this dryer is not going to have the same power as the one at the salon, but it does the job.  The only thing I didn't like was the wheels were so hard to place into the unit.  I had to get someone to help me hammer the wheels in because the holes were too small.
Good Product Works great!  Does what it is supposed to do and is compact and easy to use with good features too
works well Great dryer.  Button placement could be better. I seem to accidentally turn the heat down. It works really well though!
Good hairdryer for the price Good hairdryer - does its job and is good for the price. Not the strongest or hottest dryer out their, but dries hair quickly and easily and has settings to control temp.
Bad smell when used on high It is compact and neat. But you can smell something bad when you use it on high. It is fine on medium
Easy and Effective I used one of these at a Marriott once, and thought it was a great little dryer. It folds up nicely and works great for my daily use at home. Temperature and blowing options are perfect for me. I literally have no complaints, especially for a $20 product.
Makes a fast job of its work It works. Has only two controls, with the &#34;off&#34; switch located between them. I don't find this very appealing, but I do find it doesn't take very long to dry my hair with this machine. My hair is thick, straight, and shoulder-length.
Dependable, and operates as claimed Saved me a trip to the store. Price was comparable to store items of similar design/claims. I think Conair has quality products, and the retractable cord is convenient and works dependably. Has plenty of drying power. Not an ideal travel dryer, as it is appropriately larger than small, under-powered travel dryers. Perfect for daily home use. Last Conair dryer lasted 5+ years. Similar design and features. I think that's good durability.
Good Product Well Worth the Money Good product.  Looks lilke its well made and easy to hankle.  Only knock is its a little heavy.  Otherwise well worth the money.
This is a nice hair dryer I really like the color to it This is a nice hair dryer I really like the color to it. It looks fabulous. The hair dryer it self is light weight. I like to use it without the attachment because usually it works faster than with it but that is just because I have long hair that has tangling issues. The hair dryer gets hot enough to dry your hair fast and it will look great. It has a nice long cord to it that doesn't get tangled up either. I received this as a gift to share my experiences while using this product.
Great settings, light, easy to use, reliable Really comfortable to use because it is lightweight. The settings are great (3 speed and 3 temperature settings). Love that they are slide buttons not push buttons to avoid accidental presses. Heats up your hair, not your hand. Only thing I wish was that the wire was longer - it's plugged into a knee height socket and it's just about long enough for me to stand in front of it and dry my hair without moving from the spot.
Exactly what I needed It is very good fan for the price. I noticed a tremendous difference in my hair even with the summer among us. The only thing that is a con is that it is not a light weight fan. Otherwise I am extremely happy with my purchase.
A good value with good features I have purchased both, this Conair model 223NP and the Andis model 81290 hair dryer. The Andis is more feature packed (see my separate review). The Conair is a bit quieter than most hair dryers I've owned including the Andis model. I used a db digital sound meter to measure the difference, the Conair was only 76db vs. 83db from the Andis model with the sound meter set at 8 inches from the side of the dryers. The Conair is packed with 1875 watts which is more than enough to dry long thick hair. There are 2 heat settings (low & high) and a cool setting. The cool setting is the same temperature as when using the cool shot button (no heat at all). The air intake on the back is a 1-3/4 inch round opening covered by a removable lint screen. The opening is a bit small when compared to the Andis model which is larger at 2-3/8 inches and has side air intakes as well. This begs the question of reliability of the Conair because overheating of the motor is a prone problem of all hair dryers and with a small air intake opening on the Conair model, this could cause more heat build up of the motor. Only time will tell. The unit has 2 blower speeds, although I wish it had 3 for more versatility. The velocity of airflow without the concentrators attached is nearly the same for both models. Air temperature at maximum is 162 degrees on the Conair and 198 degrees on the Andis using a digital temperature probe set at 3 inches from the nozzel without the concentrator attached, all be it both models will dry your hair quickly and satisfactory. The retractable cord is nice and measures 5 feet + 3 inches with 5-1/2 inches that does not retract into the handle. The retracter is a bit stronger than the Andis model but it will still require you to help feed the cord all the way to its end. The dryer does come with a 3 year warranty but the Andis model comes with a generous 5 year warranty. Both the Conair and the Andis models weigh nearly the same and the ergonomics are virtually the same.  My favorate choice between the two models is the Andis because of the longer warranty and the design & feature advantages it has over the Conair (see my separae review) but given all the features of the Conair model and its stylish color and includes a defuser attachment, I give it a solid 3.5 stars.favorate choice between the two models is the Andis because of the longer warranty and the design & feature advantages it has over the Conair (see my separae review) but given all the features of the Conair model and its stylish color and includes a defuser attachment, I give it a solid 3.5 stars.
Good replacement to my old Vidal Sasson hair dryer Perhaps I am a creature of habit, but when I dropped my old Vidal Sassoon hair dryer (for probably the 500th time) and broke the back cage off, I just wanted to replace it with the same exact model.  Unfortunatley, since I had that thing for 7-8 years, they don't appear to make the EXACT same model, but this one comes pretty close.<br /><br />What I like:<br />- Comfortable to hold - the proportion and shape of the the handle are excellent<br />- Lightweight - so your arm won't get tired holding it<br />- 3 heat settings - and the &#34;very hot&#34; is actually hot enough<br />- Price - under $20!<br />- Color - my old one was grey, but this red is kinda sassy!<br /><br />What disappointed me:<br />- Speed - the highest speed is adequate, but it's not as fast as my old Vidal Sasson hair dryer (RIP, old friend)<br /><br />Overall, I recommend this to anyone who needs a basic hair dryer for not a lot of money, and if past experience can be repeated, this thing could last you a good half decade or more, depending on how often you knock yours off the bathroom counter.
conair I really like the Conair hair dryer. It doesn't limit my movements when I have the bonnet on. I can do other things like read, or use my computer because the heat isn't coming down on my neck and my ears. I do with that the bonnet was larger though, because I use big rollers and it is a hassle putting on the bonnet.
So great l love it So great l love it , drys my hair so good and fast lm dominican l have curly thick hair . So lm very happy with my turbo
Works Well, But a Bit Large This hair dryer works extremely well in all aspects, except that its size is quite large to be used as a travel dryer.
nice it was one of the cheaper hair dryers  but it worked as agreed<br />it is exactly what i expected and it came fast
Four Stars okay product
Nice for the price I can't locate the serial number for this anywhere, so I have to wonder where these came from. On the other hand, they are very light, quiet, and dry my hair more quickly than my $20 dryer did. I have medium texture curly/wavy blonde hair, and it makes my hair shinier than I'm used to with just the blow dry, but not really any less frizzy. However, the dryer is very hot which seems to make using my flat iron take longer since the hair seems to have already been heat-styled into a specific position (pouf) with the dryer - my old dryer didn't provide such an effect. Interesting tradeoff, but I would keep the T3 over my old one.
Good hair dryer so far. As far as I know so far this thing is better than anything my wife has tried before. She loves it.
Great little machine. I absolutely love this little dryer, it is so manageable to use.  I did buy it because of an injury to my arm, only allowing me a limited range of motion.  I was concerned as to how I could possibly use a hair dryer.  This one certainly fit the bill.  It is lightweight, and dries my hair in such a short time.  It also comes with attachments and a nice little case. For me, it works better than any heavy, bulky one I have used before.
This hair dryer is AMAZING! Before purchasing this hair dryer I read pretty much all of the reviews on the earlier edition.  The ratings were high, so I decided to get the latest edition and try it out.  I wasn't sure if the dryer would work wonders with my hair type.  As an African American female with natural hair, finding a blow dryer that straightens as well as dries quickly is always a process.  But using the Andis is like a breath of fresh air! It takes me about 10-15 to dry my hair with the comb extension.  And Yay for the comb extension! I am so happy with my purchase I have been telling everyone I know to get it:)
TOO MUCH LIGHT The hairdryer is great. I like the tightly coiled cord and the peg to hang it over so<br />that is doesn't drag in the sink. However, the GREEN nightlight is entirely too bright.<br />I have to hang a hand towel over it at night to keep it from lighting up my whole<br />bedroom. It is MUCH brighter than the previous Andis wall-mount dryer that I had<br />previously.
Good hold and doesn't make your hair crunchy. I love this stuff because it has great hold and does not make your hair hard.  It sort of just holds it in place, but doesn't cause that cruddy crunchy gel effect.
Dries quickly but is loud Got this Jerdon from Amazon to replace an Oster with the same wattage. This dryer seems to dry my hair a lot faster, but......when doing the sides, it sounds like a jet airplane.  It is VERY noisy, but you don't have to have it on as long, so I guess it evens out the pros and the cons. I would recommend this to a friend, but, I would advise them about the loudness of the dryer.  It is a good dryer for the cost and I am not sorry I bought it.
Solid hair dryer Bought this for my girlfriend over a year ago and it's still working.<br /><br />The very nice soft touch coating has started to peel away pretty significantly though, but for $25 I guess I can't complain too much.
Four Stars powerful, folds up and the cord retractor is strong.
good little hairdryer Pros: quiet, small and portable, cute, works well.    Cons: needs a setting that blows just air and not heat.
Four Stars Love it.
andis hangup hair dryer I love this light weight hair dryer, unfortunately this is the second one I needed to buy within one year.  Dries quickly, better than many other wall mount hair dryers.  Too bad it died within 10 months
Smoothes the fizzies. It smoothes the fizzies and folds down compactly to store when done.  It has three speeds instead of two, so doesn't blow too furiously at lowest setting, which makes it easier to style my hair (doesn't blow it off of the styling brush).
blows u away impressed with this item. dries hair fast. feels like a gentler version for hair of those TURBO hand-dryers u can find in bathrooms that feel like they'll blow ur skin off. only reason i'd give 4/5 star is b/c the loose cord gets kinda annoying when putting it away.
Finally found one... This is the third time I have purchased this dryer over the last 10+ years.  They have each had a different name, but the same features.  I have fairly long thick hair, and need the multiple speeds and heat settings available on this model. (OFF is NOT a speed!) The first 2 each lasted 5 years or more, and for an inexpensive dryer that gets used every day, I think that's pretty darn amazing.  Only one tiny complaint: the cord needs to be a bit longer...  I was going to purchase a second dryer to leave at the beach house, but 2 weeks after the original purchase, the price had almost doubled.  Boooooooo...
Feels well made, but a little heavy in hand CONS: I took a star away because this is very heavy in hand and awkwardly balanced (and that is without adding the removable tip). The PROS: It came impressively/beautifully packaged, it looks beautiful, feels well made, it has a lot of drying power, and is not too loud.
Great dryer It is easy to use and dried hair fast.
John Frieda Hair Dryer Nice hair dryer, way more powerful than my old dryer.  Makes my hair a bit tangled, though, when I don't dry it right away before my mousse begins to dry and set.  Still a nice dryer for the price!
Loud but mighty This is a good little hair dryer. The only problem is the noise it produces. It sounds like a jet engine in the &#34;high&#34; mode.
great hairdryer! I just got this hairdryer a few days ago for Christmas, so I can't speak for it's longevity, but I love it already.  After the first use, I noticed that my mid-back length, thick hair was less frizzy, more manageable and softer.  It also gets dry in approximately 5-7 minutes, cutting my drying time in half.  It's a heavy dryer, but does the job and with only a moderate level of noise on high.  I would definitely recommend this hair dryer!
ANDIS Hangup Hair Dryers-Best on the market! The ANDIS 30925 Hangup hair dryer is a great little product.  Mounts to the wall in it's own holder, so it is up out of the way.  It is small but very powerful and dries even the longest hair evenly and quickly with a nice strong flow of air without scorching.  The nightlight is a nice touch too.<br /><br />However, I would like to see the nightlight go back to a softer Green color.  The new blue nightlight is very bright and I had to put a piece of tape over it to mute it down.<br /><br />Great product, buy it for your house.
Conair Hairdryer overall i do like my purchase, it is as advertized, i use this product every other day.
decent hairdryer but it is not as compact as it seems.<br />I wanted to replace my huge hairdryer with something<br />smaller and this ended up being the same size as the one I had.<br />Also, it's Ionic and supposed to not leave your hair frizzy but<br />I did not notice any difference.
Four Stars Work Great !
My wife loves it !! After about 20 years of daily use and many minor repairs, my wife's Conair finally bit the and we found this to be the closest replacement model. Other than being a little heavier than her original , it still has the features that she needs. Very happy with it - maybe it will last as long as the first one.
Great hair dryer Great hair dryer, light-weight & easy to hold. My one complaint is that the diffuser was quite difficult to attach & the instructions did not mention how to attach it. I had to read other reviewer comments for advice.
Seems very sturdy High setting very strong but quite Quite  compact. Seems  very  sturdy  High  setting  very  strong  but  quite  loud
Andis RC-2 Ionic Hair Dryer I used this hair dryer while on vacation and loved it. I like everything about it except, I'd like a longer cord. I especially like the way the cord retracts so you don't have it lying around on the counter. I would definitely recommend it.
Overall good hair dryer This is a good hairdryer and I have no complaints with how it dries my hair.  I am a little surprised by the reviewers that have said this is a light weight hair dryer.  I find this hair dryer to be a good bit heavier than my previous Conair hair dryer that I had to replace.  The controls are easy to operate and it is even easy to change settings while drying my hair.  I love the color.  It is a pretty vibrant purple.  Overall I am happy with my purchase but I do wish it was a little lighter in weight.
Mini dryer Has a lot of power for the compact size.  I use it daily - takes up minimal space on the counter and will be convenient for traveling too.
I don't like that the diffuser doesn't prevent my hair from blowing ... I don't like that the diffuser doesn't prevent my hair from blowing all over the place when I'm trying to dry my curls with little air movement.
A great little dryer I was pleasantly pleased with this hair dryer on my recent trip abroad. It will likely replace my full-sized hair dryer on future trips.
great price, great hair dryer! i originally ordered the farouk deep brilliance because my old conair hair dryer finally went to hair appliance heaven.  this model was among the best reviewed and it was definitely the most affordable.       i cannot say that i find it to be a whole lot different from other dryers i have owned but i feel like it dries a bit faster so it does save me time.  my only complaint is that i wish it had come with a diffuser!
great dryer! This lightweight dryer simply does the job with no fuss - plain and simple - nothing complicated - you plug it in, turn it on, dry your hair ... done.  Bought an extra for the guest bathroom.
hair dryer This is a great dryer for curlie hair.  Don't forget to clean the filter.  I did and the dryer stopped working.  so now, I purchased need a new one.
Good Value, excelent results!!!! I try for the first time ionic hair dryer and I have to say, it works. The andis tourmaline hair dryer is better than I thought. Makes my hair feel much much softer, the blowing is strong and faster than normal hair dryers do. So , trust it!!!! worth it.
Four Stars Good product for the price
Good Good product.  STrange delivery in that it is shipped in more than one box.
Great dryer just not for my hair type This seems like a great hair dryer, just not for my hair type. It definitely seems to put moisture into the hair. Unfortunately, I have curly hair which I blow dry straight. It seemed that there was so much moisture in my hair that it started to curl up after a short time, even worse if it was a humid day. If you have dry hair I think you would love this dryer. Also, it is a bit large and heavy, a bit difficult for me to use.
Diffuser is very tiny This compact hair dryer works very well and gets hot quickly getting the job done.  The diffuser was too tiny fro my long hair. Would buy again.
Working Well The number of heat and airflow settings are exactly what I need.  The purple color is beautiful.<br />It uses toggle switch (instead of sliding switch) control and is very easy to change modes.  Airflow is adequate in high setting.  I expect this to last 2 - 3 years (based on my experience with Conair hair dryers).
Functional for guys Semi-Embarrassed to Admit that I'm a guy who uses a blow dryer. But that being said I don't have to use product anymore and my hair looks good after like 2 mins of blowdrying. yay?
pretty good This dryer has good power & my hair comes out good (thin straight hair). It's a bit heavy so it wouldn't be good for someone with gripping or strength concerns. The on/off and heat buttons are not placed well. I accidentally turn the dryer off several times while I'm drying my hair, but that is only a minor inconvenience.
Great hair dryer- short cord I love this hair dryer! My hair is soft and shine and the high heat is not so hot that it damages my fine hair. The only reason I did not give it a 5 star is because the cord is really short.
Great blowdryer for the price I was honestly not expecting that much from this blowdryer due to its low cost, but I am happy to report that I really underestimated it.  It is lightweight, has a reasonably powerful motor, and a good range of power and temperature selections.  I also like that it features tourmaline ceramic as this really does help to smooth my hair.  The lint filter on the back is also very easy to clean, which is important.  I've burned out several blowdryers due to clogged air intake, but I know it won't happen with this one as the lint is so easy to remove.  The only reason I'm giving this blowdryer four stars instead of five is because it is not QUITE as powerful as others I've used, which adds a little extra time to my blowdrying, maybe a couple of minutes.  It really is a nice blowdryer overall and a terrific value.
Very Nice I like the hair dryer.  It dries very well and the design is very modern and updated.  It is adjustable and it get really hot with and  it has a ionic straightener that helps your hair dry you hair straight.
Four Stars light, convenient and powerful
Pleased with my new Conair hair dryer and the option ... Pleased with my new Conair hair dryer and the option for choices on level of drying. I am a little disappointed that occasionally the cord &#34;hangs up&#34; as it is retracting and is very difficult to start again.
Good hair dryer This is a good hair dryer.  It gets the job done better than other blow dryers I have tried for my 4a, 4b textured ethnic hair.  I had another model of an Andis hair dryer that looked similar to this particular Andis style dryer and it was better than this one as it blow dryed my hair so well that I didn't even need to flat iron my hair a lot of times because it was that efficient with the proper amount of heat combined with the fine tooth comb attachment (without causing heat damage).  This dryer still a relief for me as I had been going without a good blow dryer for a while and this one works for my hair compared to other brands.
The 1875 dryer is an excellent product. Heats fast with with both High and ... The 1875 dryer is an excellent product. Heats fast with with both High and low speeds.Has a slide high, low, and off switch which I liked.  The low speed is higher than I expected but still a very good product.
Works great. Love that it folds Works great. Love that it folds. A bit heavy for someone who has to round brush a lot of hair like I do.
Powerful and pretty quiet Dries hair fast. Quieter than my previous drier. Thought it was a little strange that the drier was just in a box with no packing. But it was in good shape.
Not that quiet, but gets the job done! Good product - if you keep the setting on Low it is pretty quiet, however once you kick it into that High gear, the noise level increases significantly.  No complaints though, dries hair well.
It is great for a travel blow dryer It is great for a travel blow dryer.  Powerful enough to get the job done, but because it does not put out as wide of a path of hot air as my big hair dryer it does not do the job quite as quickly and evenly as it.  The color is a metallic purpley pink.  I did receive the zebra bag and attachments with it too.  If traveling internationally be sure to read and follow the instructions or you could fry it.
And is RC-2 Ionic1875w ceramic hair dryer This hair dryer works great.  My first purchase broke after just two weeks, the heating element became too hot and the hairdryer shut off.  My replacement however has been fine.  Drys hair quickly and leaves it feeling smooth and silky.  It is light weight and easy to hold while styling with a brush in the other hand.
but it is more comfortable to use Certainly outperforms my current blow dryers. The immediate difference is the drying time. I wouldn't say it halves the time it takes to dry my hair, but it makes a noticeable difference. It's also relatively quieter than my other blow dryers, though as soon as you use the &#34;turbo,&#34; it gets louder. I certainly wouldn't call it a quiet blow dryer, but it is more comfortable to use. One odd thing, though: it seems to have a lot of suction (it's the only one that sticks to my shirt if I get it too close), but not a very strong air flow output for the amount it seems to be drawing in.<br /><br />4-stars so far because it's about its price; outperforms my current blow dryers but not by a significant margin. I've also read numerous reviews that this doesn't have a great product life, so I'm waiting to see about that.
Very great -almost perfect Love this full hair dryer that isn't compact while retracted -and  has the full power of a normal hair dryer.<br />Love the color<br />I do wish it had a hot or hotter setting though like the Infinity Pro by Conair 1875 watt Hair Dryer - Purple, which I also have<br />all in all a very good compact hair dryer that drys hair fast.
Electric Hair Dryer Delivered promtly after my order. Works as advertised but a bit noisy. Overall rating, Good
Four Stars two speeds and two heat settings.  does not have air only setting.
Nice Dryer-Good Buy This is my first ion dryer. My hair does not seem any shinier than when I used my old non-ion dryer.But Amazon's price can't be beat, I only paid $17 for it. It is fast; I dry my hair in aobut 15 minutes.  The cool setting option is nice.
Good Value Works well and is very portable.
good hairdryer Not heavy, buttons not in the way.  Didn't like the diffuser, so just attached a hot sock diffuser, works just fine. Like the sleek look to it.
Value for money I use it daily. It's good and value for money.
Fantastic and Fast The only reason I didn't give this Hair dryer 5 stars is because I love a retractable cord. Its a pain to have the cord always in the way - otherwise I love it especially  for this price. My hair dryes very fast and looks very healthy.
love it its slightly big, but not heavy that its aches my hand of anything. the ionic technology completely renders my hair soft and smooth. never going back to normal hair dryer again!!! just discovered this, have to buy travel size as well. but this product is good.
Four Stars so far so good; works as promised, and arrived on time.
Four Stars Seems to be good so far.  I have only had it for 1 week.
So far so good So far so good. I've only had this product for about a month now and so far it does what it is suppose to do.
Timewise Cleanser Arrived in good condition. I've only used the product for about 2 weeks. I haven't noticed any changes in my skin yet.
infiniti blow dryer it makes your hair less frizzy as you blow dry it; well worth the money...it also has a retractable cord.
can't beat it for the price I bought this hairdryer because the one I had died.  It was basically the exact same dryer in a different color, and it lasted 5 years.  I believe mine died because of a short in the cable, so I am choosing NOT to hang this one by the opening at the end of the base, even though it looks like it should be hung that way.  This drier is the cheapest ceramic ionic drier I have found, and it truly works fast.  I can dry my thick, curly (though short) hair in 5-10 minutes, and it does not get frizzy.  I only use the warm setting-- hot is too hot for me, and I appreciate the cool burst though I wish it had a cool setting. It also is a standard size, so can take a diffuser without a problem-- I use it this way every day.  I couldn't live without this dryer-- it dries my hair so fast without any damage.  Also, I do not find it too heavy.
Good for travel This is a good hairdryer for travel and okay for every day it's not the best driver I've ever used but it does the trick.
Installation Installation may be difficult for you because of the wall anchors that come with the hair dryer.  They spin when used, in the wall, and will not grip, and so are useless.  We would have also liked to see Robertson head screws used, instead of Phillips.  It was necessary to purchase several different Phillips screwdrivers to grip the screws. The screws were over-tightened in the base at the factory making it very difficult to remove them for use in attaching the hairdryer to the base.
hairdryer Love hairdryer. my hair is in great shape since switching to it. the only thing that i wish it had was a hot/warm setting in addition to the high/low
Conair Wallmount Dryer I needed a light-weight dryer because of an arm injury and this one is indeed light.  I like that.  I wish the cord was either longer or not curled so it didn't have to be so close to the holder.
Hangup Hair Dryer This is a very nice dryer and actually the second one we have had.  We wore out the first one after many years of daily use.  My only complaint, and it is a small one, is the night light is too bright.  It needs to be toned down a little.  Other that that this is a great hair dryer.
Not too bad for the price I was not expecting too much since this is your basic hair dryer.  The price was good for the item.  It has pretty good power, but the temperature on low and medium settings is not too hot.  This does not bother me, but some may like a warmer temperature on the lower power settings.
Four Stars Love the cord; not quite enough power.
A Welcome Addition Easy to use, instructions clear, has plenty of power, very light and small for travel. Have begun using it every day instead of my regular hair dryer.
Good dryer This dryer has plenty of power and is not too loud. Haven't used it alot yet but so far I really like it.
Does the job, seems good so far Only had this item for about a week, but so far it seems to work well.  Got it mounted on the wall and it works.  The only thing I'm not thrilled with is the night-light built into the base is extremely dim.  Its bordering on the unhelpful level of dimness.  It would be nice if this was just a bit brighter, but thats not why we bought it anyway, we got it for the hair dryer.  My 3 ladies of the house have used it and like it so far.  Hopefully it will last a while, but if not, its not an expensive accessory, so we'll have to see how long it lasts.
A Retractable Hair-Dryer? The hair-dryer cord comes in handy. Now I don't need to make sure the cord isn't touched by water. The hair-dryer has a softer sound to it, so it doesn't disturb any one in the house.
Good price and works great For an inexpensive hair dryer, this thing was pretty amazing. Lasted almost a year and a half with regular use.
get rid of the cord tangle It's so nice to be able to have the cord wind itself up inside the dryer and out of the way.
Four Stars Good, quickly dry hair
Works really well This hair dryer is really quiet compared to what I'm used to, which is great.  It dries my hair quickly but hasn't over dried it (I have really fine hair).  It's also pretty light compared to my last hair dryer.  The only issue I have with it is I sometimes accidentally hit the off button or the temperature setting as I'm using it.  These buttons are located on the side of the handle and if you're not careful you can easily switch your settings or shut off your dryer.  Since this is only a minor inconvenience I gave it four stars because other than what I just mentioned, this hair dryer works great!
My wife loves it. My wife was tired of have a dryer on the counter and of dealing with the wire.  She loves this.  The night light is too bright.  I put a piece of white vinyl tape over the LED cut to fit.  It is still bright right through the tape.  Made it acceptable, though.
Drys fast I had an old Vidal Sassoon digital dryer, which is no longer being made, that finally went out. I bought this as a replacement. I don't like it as well as the digital, but it works. The hot setting is almost too hot, so I use medium. Still dries very fast.
Blow Dryer Love  the fact that this dryer is a little lighter in weight than the original one that I also have.  It does not seem to have the same drying power as the original.. I keep this one in my travel bag for that reason..It is easy on the hair and does not seem to frizz out the hair as some brands seem to do all the time..
Good Blowdryer So when I went to look for a blowdryer all I really wanted it have was attachments- because I realized that not all blowdryers come with attachments- especially the one for curly hair with the little prongs. When I saw this one, I was pretty much mesmerized - not only did it come with attachments( including the diffuser), but it was pink and it a had button that would reel the cord in for you. When I got it though, did that remain true? Yes! the length of the cord might not be the longest but it isn't short either- it's a rather standard size I suppose. It works perfectly like any other blowdryer. I think the only reason I am putting four stars at this point is because after being so into the reeling feature , the reel started having problems about 2-3 months into owning the blowdryer. Was it serious? No, I can still push the cord into the blowdryer and everything is working fine. So if this isn't going to be a problem with you I'd recommend it. It was a good buy, and I ended up coming back and buying another one of these for a friend.
but dryer works fine! Item ok - cord does not always retract as it is suppose to...but dryer works fine!
Nice and compact Nice and compact. It's a bit noisy, but I think that's a function of its size. The cord and plug are not as large as some, so it's footprint is small, which is exactly what I was looking for to travel to the UK. It's not lighter than my larger one but it will work just fine.
Four Stars This is great!!!
Blowing in the Wind This is a nice blow dryer for the price, and it is more lightweight than my trusty Revlon/Helen of Troy model that's still ticking even after numerous drops on my bathroom floor.<br /><br />Like the numerous dial settings, BUT this dryer does not that hot.  But maybe that's to be expected because this is a &#34;damage control&#34; blow dryer, and heat - along with chemicals like peroxide and ammonia - is one of your hair's biggest enemies.  Have always dried my hair on the lowest heat and speed settings, and the cool shot should be highly distinguishable from a warm setting.  On this hair dryer, you can barely tell them apart.  All heat settings feel relatively the same.<br /><br />The verdict is that, using this dryer, it took a LONGER time to dry my thick hair.  However, my hair did come out nice and shiny.
Four Stars This gives one choice of heat and power. It is fast and nice
Easy breezy! Easy to put together and works well.
Four Stars Great contr
I figured I'd pay a little more for hopefully a better product. A lot of people say they can ... This is the most expensive hair dryer I've ever owned but after 3 or 4 hair dryers in 10 years, I figured I'd pay a little more for hopefully a better product. A lot of people say they can get their hair dried faster with this - I haven't noticed that. That may be because I have pretty straight hair to begin with, and while I have a lot of it, the strands are pretty thin. The biggest cons is the button placement - fine when I'm taking my time, but when I rush, I ALWAYS hit the buttons. Other reviews have pointed out no cool shot, but it does have three heat settings and I think the coolest setting is enough to set a style. I've used it regularly for a couple of months and it really does feel like a quality product so I hope I get years of use out of it.
Happy with my purchase. I bought this dryer for personal use at home. It works well to dry my naturally curly hair. It's like air drying but a lot faster. I will also use it to do deep conditioning treatments or process colors. The down sides are the large bonnet and it being top heavy and needs both hands to maneuver. The other odd thing is that when using the dryer a small clump of hair gets pulled up to the screen. At first I thought this was going to be a problem, but it's not an issue.
lightweight and easy to maneuver Makes a good dryer for my daughter to take to college with her.... would recommend it again and would buy again.
high quality product, but hard to switch btwn levels of heat and wind Got this product 2 weeks till now, everything works out fine, while the switcher is too flat and thus hard to switch, for example, you will need to push very hard to switch from low to mid wind. This might be a design problem of this product.
nice hairdryer I was always a wash and wear kinda gal. But recently I had my hair straightened and the beautician suggested to blow dry out after washing.  She told me the Elchim Professional 2001 was the best and they last for a long time.  She had many years on her dryer and it is used lots everyday.  That sounded like the best option for me.  If I was going to invest, I wanted it to be good and have a long happy life.  It seems to be well balanced and has lots of power.  My thick hair is dry in 10 minutes.  I am very satisfied with my purchase and no regrets.  The product was delivered quickly.  I was suprised that the dryer was in a box with no packing to secure it inside.  I thought that was odd.  I am sure that it was bounced around from the wearhouse and across the nation by all who touched it.  That part did concern.  I hope it did not affect the life of my product.  Time will tell. But so far so good.
excellent hair dyer I got this for my girl.  some comments are mine, some are hers.  It dries really quickly.  This takes about half of the time that I am used to.  It is surprising quiet for a hair dryer.  you could easily use this without completely pissing off roommates if a few doors are closed.  The best hair Dryer I've used. I have not used any of the attachments, so I may add that info when I find out.  Not much else to say other than I really like this.  Glad I have it, I would recommend this to a friend.
Excellent little dryer Excellent little dryer, but I would caution you that the high setting does not work in Europe.
Good days Good hair dryer for use with the big curlers. A longer hose would have been good. It holds you hostage while you dry.
Gets the job done! I purchased this bonnet hair dryer at a fabulous price and overall, it meets my needs.  It heats up very quickly and is quite powerful for such a compact size. Mine does not shut off automatically, as some have stated. The only complaint that I have is the bonnet would not fit over my rollers, no matter what I did to adjust it.  I ended up having to use the bonnet from my old Lazy Dazy dryer. The hose is also a bit difficult to wind up and store in the unit. By the way, Conair is very good at replacing defective products if you contact a customer service supervisor by phone.  I love this compact hair dryer!
Great blow dryer, made me feel like Barbie I had read the reviews saying this blow dryer was small, yet powerful.  I had a little chuckle when I opened the box - it reminded me exactly of a blow dryer that Barbie would own and even comes with it's own zebra bag for storage.  I am very impressed at how well it works.  I travel for vacation at least once a year and am never that impressed with the blow dryers the hotels provide.  I have very thick wavy hair that takes a good 10-15 minutes to blow dry with a decent dryer.  This little dryer is comparable with my full size blow dryer, if not better.  I would definitely recommend it for travel.  I have not yet used the attachments so I cannot comment on them, however I did use the bag for added storage of my hair brush and hair accessories.
Hair Dryer Technology My first thought when I pulled it out of the box was that it was very stylish. I love the pink! It is very professional-looking indeed.<br /><br />I like the dryer has a nice long cord, as almost every dryer I have ever owned have had short chords.<br /><br />This hairdryer is  really powerful. I have short hair and the dryer dried my hair rather quickly. The two attachments the dryer comes with were easy to place on and remove.<br /><br />There are three heat and two speed selections. I found the  highest heat setting very hot, but it would be perfect for someone with long thick hair. The medium setting works well for my short hair.<br /><br />I have two minor complaints with the dryer: The weight of the dryer is a little heavier than I'm use to and  my 2nd complaint is with the placement of the controls. It made it kind of hard to hold and dry my hair, as I was trying hard not to accidentally change the settings.<br /><br />That will just take some getting use to on my part.<br /><br />Overall, the Remington Ac2015 Tstudio Salon Collection Pearl Ceramic Hair Dryer is a great product and certainly worth the price.
I love it, and it does a great job of ... My old hair dryer quit on me.  So this one has been used since the day it arrived.  I love it, and it does a great job of blowing my hair dry.
great love the yellowbird hair dryer. It does a great job in blowing out my natural hair to the length that I want compared to conair. Highly recommend
I feel this is a very good product. It is a bit heavy and doesn't ... I feel this is a very good product.  It is a bit heavy and doesn't get very hot.  But overall it does a great job.
Great Professional Hair Dryer! Great professional hair dryer.  The only reason I'd dock it a star is the noise.  I'm thinking about buying the silencer to see if that will help.  Otherwise it really gets the job done!
Great! Wow - so lightweight. It's unbelievably efficient. If it only had a cool setting it would be perfect.<br />Still - it comes close. Great price.
I Like It Love the look and feel of this hair dryer. A little heavier than I thought it would be but much quieter than my old Conair and I am pleased with the results.  Folds and packs well for travel and I like the retractable cord. Would recommend it.
good dryer its good, but for some reason the way the buttons are everytime i grab the dryer to plug it in ive hit the on button and it always is on when plugged in, beyond that its no big deal, and it dries nice and is cute looking, i love the colors!  also i have pretty long hair and this dries pretty quickly which I LOVE!
The dryer still works great after every day use The retracting cable feature stopped working on me after a year. The dryer still works great after every day use.
hair dryer Previously I had Farberware 1500W wall mounted hair dryer & I was very happy with it.Even though Andis is 1600W still it feels little less powerful & all plastic doesn't look very durable.Handle is small & stumpy. <br />Otherwise it is O.K. Night light is a good feature.
Handy little dryer w. a decent diffuser Used once on vacation so I can not comment on the longevity of this product. Size is slightly bigger than I had hoped, but I bought it because it was the best looking diffuser to come w. a travel dryer that I could find.  Price was right and I think it was a good investment for a travel dryer only- I would not use this for regular at home use.
Cheap but works I do not like Conair products but my wife insisted to get this since the price is low. It will break, it's just a question of when. I recommend looking at a BaByliss.
I suspect this is a Counterfeit item I purchased this hairdryer a few months ago and just recently tried to register the product on the T3 website. It did not recognize the code from the box, which was a 16 digit code. The website asks for a 12 or 14 digit code. Also, the code taped on the dryer cord is different than the one on the box. Products generally should have a warranty card and instructions inside, this one did not have one.<br /><br />Fake or not, it seems to work pretty good. It's quieter than the last hairdryer I had and seems to dry my hair quicker.
Best Hair Dryer - It did the trick! This dryer has a lot of power. It blew my hair extremely straight! I like the older model, but this newer version is just as good. This product is lighter and easier to handle. My only issue is - the shipping was slow.
Works well but minor trouble with the switches The product was delivered on time and worked as expected, mostly. The hair drier turns on as soon as you plug it in and I found it impossible to turn it off using the switch on the handle. The switch on the plug adapter did work, and perhaps is sufficient -- but I'd prefer having a switch be able to do what it says.    I needed the product urgently so I do not plan to contact the seller.
works well Works as it should.  Have dropped it on hard wood floor a few times and it has still worked well and no chipped plastic.
Hair Dryer This is a good hair dryer for me. It has 3 settings, and a cooler button that blows cool air if it gets too hot.
A goo replacement I had a Conair from years ago that was on its way out so I decided to buy another one. It is very efficient and powerful and I love the cord keeper feature. I thought the opening was a little larger, but other than that, so far so good.
Good I Like the dryer. Good quality, but heavy. Can recommend the product. Was delivered faster then expected. USPS delivry guy did not ring the bell. Just drop the dryer next the door
Compared with its value Compared with its value, I liked the small size and almost cheap and high quality.<br />Overall I am sure all products Japanese
good value unfortunately the heat and fan speed are together - can't have high speed will medium heat. the heat off button helps.
Cool Best feature for me is the cool setting not found on other hair dryers. In hot, humid weather, the cool setting allows me to dry my hair and not overheat while doing so!
Everything is excellent what can i say about Hair dryer why do you insist on making people write long review about somthing when i say it was good isnt that enough Now if it was 1,000,000 than that is different but it was not and i am done wether you like it or not
Dryer is top heavy and fell over and broke I love this dryer.  I purchased about 3 weeks ago and have used it almost every other day since I bought it.  It dries extremely fast in the morning so it allows me to not have to blow dry which is essential with African American hair and relaxers to prevent dryness. The settings are great and It is super quiet which is what I was looking for.  Those are all definite positives.  However, I would have to agree with one of the other reviewers.  It is extremely top heavy and I had the same problem in that yesterday it fell over and the visor in the front broke.  Now I am hoping I can find someone that replaces the part as the part is screwed in and if that is the case then this would possibly increase my score a little but you still have the problem of it falling over in the future.  If I cannot find a part to replace it online then I would drop this review to a 2 or 1 since it doesn't work as well without the visor keeping the heat in.
Farouk Hair Dryer This hair dryer worked better than I expected.  I have long hair that easily gets frizzed from overdrying.  This hair dryer gave just enough heat to dry my hair fastly and did not frizz my hair.  This hair dryer is well worth the money.
it works the item was black and white rather than black and silver. otherwise it works and includes all the attachments. nothing else I can think of...
My wife is happy with the product My wife is happy with the product. Seems to be content. Only issue honestly. Easy to install but the instructions are horrible. Could of been done in 5 minutes but was confused with the pole connection. It's more than just meeting both parts together. Someone can damage the piece easily.
For RV Fits well in the RV, works but have not been on a trip yet to use it.  Amazon C/S was great to look up measurements for me to make sure it would fit in the space we had.  I had ordered 2. Previously and they would not fit.  Vendors need to put measurements of units in descriptions.
Should be a 4.5 Star Rating Available - Not Perfect but Very Good Recently purchased this again to replace a unit in our bathroom that has been there at least 6 years. And ... that unit still runs but the thermocouple switch that shuts the unit off when it overheats has &#34;worn&#34; over the years and has begun to engage a little too quickly. (Note that not keeping the lint filter clean will cause this issue as well, due to restricted airflow over the thermocouple).<br /><br />Indeed, a pretty darn good unit for the money. After a couple of years of use (literally, used hundreds of times in that period) the &#34;ears&#34; or &#34;fingers&#34; that hold the dryer became worn, or loose, so the hairdryer would fall out. This was solved by placing a strip of Velcro on the inside of each &#34;ear&#34;.  Would have given product 5 stars if this had not occurred. Found that this easy &#34;repair&#34; needs to be repeated every couple of years.<br /><br />From my experience, definitely would not hesitate to recommend. Conjecture is that those who experienced short life with this appliance may not have cleaned the lint filter as often as required. From personal experience I know it's easy to put this little chore off. If you have had this product only a few months and you start experiencing the unit shutting off before your hair is dry - this is the thing to check.
Pretty Good Hair Dryer for Price I've used another popular brand of hair dryer for years, but I recently purchased a Remington straightener, and I then decided to update my years-old hair dryer. After doing lots of research, I found that this was the most popular Remington Hair Dryer and had great reviews. I have used it a couple of times since receiving it, and I like it. I think I prefer my previous hair dryer more, as the hair seemed softer, but this one does just fine- and actually dries my hair faster than my older one. I was looking for ionic, and this has that as well. Buy this hair dryer on amazon- i found it was the cheapest price! Try it out for yourself.
great dryer Very good dryer for the price. I like the high speed without having to use high heat. Retractable cord is great.
Four Stars this blow dryer is very powerful and does the job.
Four Stars Work well and has great heat. I can dry my hair very fast
just right for home use I purchased this unit for a family member and it is a great fit. The light weight and compact size is perfect for her at home use. She hasn't used it for travel.
Four Stars Makes my hair so smooth with no frizz!
Small and strong Good little blow dryer for travel internationally. Worked perfectly with 240v. I have never found a hotel blow dryer that works on my curly frizzy hair so it was great to have this tool along, especially in a very humid climate. Lots of air volume and heat. Don't bother looking for a transformer for your 110v blow dryer if it's more than 1600w because you will have problems and possibly even damage your appliance from home.
basically it's good basically it's good, but you can buy a bigger one at the same price at drug store
Performed asadvertised I like this dryer.  It is nothing fancy, but it does everything I was looking for.  It is powerful enough to dry my hair quickly, as well as lightweight and space-efficient (small bathroom counter).  I like the cool shot feature.  And it was a good value.
Rhode Island customer Two other hair dryers died in one week.  This came quickly, and in good condition.  I seems to do a good job, and to offer options for heat and power.  I'd purchase from the vendor again.
Like I like it.
3 yrs strong I bought this almost 3 years ago, and it's still going! I gave it 4 stars because I think it does get a little too hot on the highest setting, and not hot enough on the &#34;warm&#34; setting. However, if you are looking for a nice dryer on a budget, this is a great choice. I love the fact that the cord winds up.
Its PINK AND BROWN I mean it works well. I just wish they'd label this as PINK AND BROWN.
Gets the job done BUT The plastic switch that holds the hard hat up is kind of flimsy. Don't move around too much while you're underneath the hood and you'll be fine. If they can redesign the hood lock on this device, it'd be a five star item, because my roller sets come out swell when using it.
Pretty Nifty Pretty nifty for my weekend cabin/guesthouse and great for my RV. Just like the ones at the hotels. Nice to have it on the wall and out of the way.
Space Saver Nice dryer and very handy wall mount.
Yay! I can dry my hair now! This dryer is good enough. Although the switch that controls the power of the wind feels a bit unstable, the wind power is just perfect, and the price is really reasonable.
Works great, but... My only frustration is this blow dryer is LOUD.  My four year old now shuts his door just to avoid the noise this dryer produces.  I used to have a T3 Tourmeline dryer which was good but it'd just run it's course.  I wasn't in LOVE with it so thought I would try what many reviewers claimed was a very professional dryer for a reasonable price.  I also wish it had a medium blow setting as well, as there is a really dramatic difference between the low and high and I have to be diligent to be sure the high setting doesn't make my curls frizzy.  I will keep it, but just two things I wish I had known.
Fast dryer This hair dryer lives up to the hype that it is faster than other dryers. And it is very quiet if that is important to you. Overall I like it.
Four Stars Good
Suits many purposes This dryer frees up space on the counter top. It isn't very powerful so that's why I gave it four stars. I had to have someone install it for me so that added additional cost. I like the fact that it is all white.
wonderful product I love the color and the convent hanging loop.The switches could be simpler and larger.It's a light in weight product.
A peel one can use weekly for maintenance... I purchased this peel because I wanted something that might help to fade any small freckles/sun spots developing on my face, as well as fade small wrinkles near my eyes. I am Asian, with a medium-light complexion that is already fairly wrinkle and acne-free; but I was starting to see more melanin spots on my face developing, as I didn't start using sunscreen on my face daily until age 30 (I am now 35). However, my skin does tend to be oily in the T-zone, and I would still get an occasional pimple on my forehead or under my cheekbones on a regular basis.     After using this product, I noticed that my already scarce breakouts became practically non-existent, and though some of the small freckles on my upper cheeks haven't faded much, my skin does feel and look smoother and clearer. I don't use concealer, powder, or foundation (I can't stand the look and feel of it on my skin), and only use Shiseido SPF 55 for the face on a daily basis, but this seems to be all I need to still look pretty flawless, which I attribute to some of the peel's effects. I originally only used the 35% glycolic acid peel sold by the same company, but decided to try this lactic acid/glycolic acid combination to see if it would have a different or stronger effect (it does sting/tingle more than the 35% glycolic acid peel alone). I usually use this product every 7 days, and leave the solution on for a full 10 minutes (it stings and tingles, but this doesn't bother me much; leaving it on this long doesn't cause any hot spots on my skin, either, but my skin is pretty resistant to a lot of environmental insults). I also notice that small blackheads and sebaceous plugs in my forehead and nose will loosen easily and can be pushed or exfoliated out more easily after using this peel.     Overall, I think this is a good maintenance peel for those who want to slow (or possibly even reverse) the subtle signs of aging, i.e. development of melanin pigmentation from sun exposure, smoothing the surface of the epidermis, possibly neutralizing fine lines, and decreasing acne. I will likely continue using this product, until I become adventurous enough to perhaps try something different and stronger (i.e. a 70% Lactic Acid peel). The price is right, too, and won't cost you the overhead you might pay for having the same type of peel done at a medi-spa.
Four Stars They work great.
THIS DRYER IS OK. YOU JUST HAVE TO TURN ... THIS DRYER IS OK. YOU JUST HAVE TO TURN THE HOSE AROUND TO DRY THE TOP OF YOUR HAIR. I HAVE HAD A HARD TIME LOCKING THE HOSE ON THE BONNET.
I like it a lot I purchased this hair dryer a month or so ago. So far, I like it a lot. It dries my hair fast and I have really thick hair. My hair is left silky and straight. It does get a little hot, but not too hot. Id recommend it to anyone. It is a great price too.
Gets too hot fast I like this hair dryer, but it gets way too hot. I can only let it run for about 30 seconds before I need to push the cool air button. I also wish it had a separate switch for the heat setting. Like warm, hot, cold.
Four Stars Good seller. I received the product on time and without problems. I recommend for all.
Four Stars Awesome Power, Just A Little Heavy!!
Greater drying time at 220V I have been using this dryer for about 8 months now. I am quite happy with my purchase. As far as dual voltage dryers go, this is one of the better ones. However, when used at 220V I find that drying time is greater. It leaves my hair quite soft and relatively frizz free even without a product. I have very thick , wavy hair with a lot of volume.
Works well Works well.  Glad I bought it.  The cord keeper is certainly a nice feature and the bright color makes it easy to find under my bathroom cabinet.
my mother likes is My 90 year old mother likes it the dryer for she doesn't have to hold it like she had to do with a hand dryer and it dries her hair quickly on the medium setting.  I gave it a 4-star for it is difficult for her to get it back in the case and sometimes the hose slips off of the bonnet.
Good product Great product, works well and is fairly quiet. Came with a diffuser. Would recommend.
FINALLY! I LOVE THIS HAIRDRYER! This hairdryer is great! It is light weight compare to my old hairdryer. It makes my hair look less coarse and softer. My old hair dryer made my hair looked very dry and more coarse. I just love it!
Must be good, she takes it in all the trips Bought for wife.  Must be good, she takes it in all the trips
Great investment! Easy to use, transport and fast! Great buy -- a must now for my bathroom!
Very small, powerful and convenient product. Overall - I would have given it 5 stars, but had to withhold one, due to my wife's complaint that there is no separate heat and fan control switches.  It also does not have cool blast or whatever they call it button that allows to temporarily switch off the heat while keeping the fan running.  To be honest - her hair looks the same to me regardless what dryer she uses.  Its an excellent product, and if you are not super picky about your dryers - I highly recommend it.
Great results just like the other reviews,Andis works beautifully. I can get straighter hair now with only my blowdryer and the cool shot is a bonus.Thank you
We are happy! Very good dryer.
It's OK Kind of weak. I'm not sure why they dont make a 1800w model. The night light is kind of cheesy too. Overall good product though. I'm very happy with it.
Four Stars Love this hair dryer.  Mount it on the wall in the bathroom and it works great!
Shiny Hair For the price, I am ver happy with this dryer. I was willing to pay up to $100 on a new dryer because my hair was looking so dry, dull and damaged. I used this dryer of a friends and really liked the results so I bought one for myself. For the price, it really can't be beat. My hair is softer, shinier and has much more body than with my old hair dryer.<br /><br />It takes about the same amount of time as my old traditional dryer and is about the same weight so I didn't notice any change there.
Great performance, great price Works great and fast too! Design is easy to handle and manages my medium length hair without tangling, hair damp to dry in less than 20 mins. Great value.
Nice Conair dryer... Nice little blow dryer. It's not too big or too small. It gets nice and hot. My only complaint is the length of the cord. This cord is a little longer than the length of any iPhone or iPad cord (3 ft). I'd say this cord is about 4 or 5 ft long and only long enough for you to use in the bathroom with a socket close to a mirror.  Other then the cords length it's a perfect go to blue dryer.
Four Stars Loud like most hair dryers. I like the temperature setting and retractable cord. Air flow very good.
Mom2Jonah I like this hair dryer a lot.  It does dry my hair faster and it is quieter compared to my old 30 dollar dryer.  The only con is that it is heavier than my old dryer.  I'm a little concerned about how it was packaged.  It looks like the item was opened and then repackaged.  Each piece inside the box was repackaged and closed with twisty ties.  Hopefully I won't have any problems with it and it will last.  I would recommend this dryer to anyone who has thick hair and a lot of it!
Jerdon 1600W Wall Mount Hair Dryer So far this dryer is working great!  Another brand didn't last 1 year so I hope this one lasts longer.
Good performer for the price This dryer packs a lot of punch for a small footprint.  Light/small enough to travel.  Haven't tried the 220V option yet.
Andis Hairdryer I like this hairdryer.  This one replaced our old one.  Our experience is that they only last about two or three years before needing to be replaced.  This is the third one we've purchased.
worth it It dries my hair, and i have noticed a lot less frizzies and fly-aways since i started using it. The cord is on the short side, i'd say maybe 4-5 feet long when stretched. The color is pretty much exactly as it looks in the picture, definetly pink. The cool air function is very nice to have. It's light weight and fits in my hand very comfortably. It's not too loud. All in all, does what it is supposed to do in a quick and comfortable fashion. I definetly recommend this to anyone willing to dry their hair within a few feet of the outlet they plug it into!
Girlfriend loves it I bought this hair dryer as a gift for my girlfriend.  She really seems to like it.  I can attest that it blows hard and hot ;-)  Is there anything else you need from a hairdryer?  Oh yeah, it has widely adjustable temperature and speed...
Smells Refreshing Smells great! Goes very well with like daytime and casual stuff. Only thing I have against it is that its refreshing smell reminds me of soap, like it is made by Irish Spring.
Hair Products This product was in good condition when I received it. Shipping was nominal. Thank You!
It works This is a nice sized hairdryer and has been working for about six months with daily use. My only complaint is I have thick hair so I wish it had a little more power and ran a little more hot like some of my other hair dryers.
Works for long-nozzled dryers Not for a short nozzle dryer- it pops right off, but it's a good bowl and finger design of medium depth.
Hair dryer The only reason I have this four stars is because the only problem I have with it is that it isn't as powerful as my last dryer, which was different, but for the money I spent I got every penny. It works just fine and I love how you don't have to press an additional button to go to the cool setting like old dryer.
Good deal. This hair dryer works well. It's much quieter than most dryers I've used, which is great, because I always worry about damaging my hearing with daily use. So it's great not having to have to worry about that.    Some people talk about how heavy it feels, but I don't really notice. I do visit the gym every once in while, so there you go.    I thought the silvery front part of the dryer was going to be metal, but it's a dull plastic. That makes it look quite a bit cheaper than pictured. It still works great nonetheless. It dries faster than my other dryer. I really like all of the settings; warm/hot (and cool button), low/high. As far as the shininess - I didn't notice a difference. But I definitely had less static and fly-aways.     It comes with a diffuser and another part which you can snap on, which I'm pretty sure is for blowing your hair out.      All in all, this hair dryer is a good deal for the price. I think it's cheaper here on Amazon than Walmart. At my Wally, there were selling it for $20 and I got it for $10 here.
Super fast to dry hair I have long hair and I'm always in a hurry so when I saw this has twin fans, I bought it.  It really does the drying fast!  It's not too loud & the sound doesn't bother me like some dryers do.  It is a bit heavy but other than that, I'm very happy with it.
Four Stars Great hair dryer for the price!  I have a lot of hair and it works well!
Four Stars Works well for my application.
Four Stars my bathroom looks neater
3 temperatures and less noise This blow dryer works better than other blow dryers in the past, in that it is quieter. In addtion, there are 3 heat settings so if your scalp is sensitive to heat, you have the option of lower heat.
happy with it Great look, works perfectly. I don't have any problem with the heavy weight as some users would complain about. However the first time I turned it on I did smell something burning, but it only happended once. I use this hair dryer everytime as I wash my hair, about once a day, so far so good and I'm happy about the purchase. This is not a quiet hair dryer though, but I don't think it's a big deal since almost all the dryers are noisy anyway.
Nice, light and powerful... this is a good dryer with nice attachments...very light and powerful. The only drawback is the switches. If your hand has any mousse or oil on them, forget turning this on without a struggle. The switches have no grip nor heavy grooves on them that make turning on/off easy. But, overall good.
Stupid wheels.. The stand might be the only ineffective part. I am still having a hard time screwing in the wheels to the stand as I feel they are not compatible. I cant tell you how the rest works because I am still having issues with the stand.<br /><br />Okay so I finally fixed the wheels (my way) and was able to use it with no difficulty. The product worked very well and heats well. I would recommend if this is a starter dryer for someone.
Wall hair dryer The product works very well and is priced modestly.  I like having it mounted on the wall and then it isn't on the counter.  It has three heat settings and two speeds. This is the second Jerdon wall mount hair dryer I have purchased.
Can't complain. My girlfriend has had this for 3 days, so obviously comments on longevity can't be included. It works well, light, cute colors, can't complain.
Completely Satisfied We wanted a wall-mounted dryer that would fit a narrow space and give us the power for drying male and female hair. This was perfect, and it looks good, too. Only suggestion would be to add a cool setting along with its high and low heat setting. We would recommend this dryer for space savings, convenience, and good looks.
Great The product was exactly as described and works great.  We placed it in our guest bath and not only do they have a hair dryer, but a night light as well.  Thanks.
... I expected and heavier than expected but it works better than the diffuser that came with my other dryer It was bigger than I expected and heavier than expected but it works better than the diffuser that came with my other dryer.
great Dryer. It drys your hair fast and its not too laud.  Easy to move around if you need to use it anywhere in the house.
Sturdy, a bit bulky & gets incredibly hot Sturdy, a bit bulky & gets incredibly hot. So if buying for salon use be careful when using with bleach on high heat. It gets VERY HOT.
Leaves skin clean and smooth. I purchased this soap due to the reviews on Youtube. It's a good cleanser but im not sure if ill be re-purchasing. I think the Black Soap in solid form from Coastal Scents performs much better. This one smells like cigarette ash which really grosses me out. Won't leave your skin smelling like it though, so don't worry. Doesnt smoothen the skin as much as I thought it would, but it does leave a nice clean feeling and smoothens the skin more then most cleansers out there.
So far so good I'm giving this hair dryer 4 stars because I haven't had it or used it long enough to see if there are long term issues. It dries my hair quickly. It is a bit heavy, though.<br /><br />Edit: My hair gets caught in the air intake... it hurts!
Why change a good thing? Overall, I like the dryer. The only thing I don't like is that they have changed the design. The newer design is much wider on the wall and it doesn't fit in the same screw holes so you have to drill more holes in the wall!
Compact Blowdryer It works great, I love the color, compact style. Easy to work and handle. It will travel nicely as well.
Awesome Top Coat - sometimes. I love Seche Vite Top coat for all the reasons that everyone mentions, specifically the beautiful finish and how quick it is to dry.<br />What I don't like is that some combinations of base coat, color, and seche vite seem to lead to my nail polish coming off in huge chips very early in my manicure.<br /><br />The one I've noticed is Sally Hansen Quick Dry Base Coat, OPI nail polish, and Seche Vite.. It will look fantastic, but then just chip in huge flakes from day two onward.<br /><br />On the other hand, OPI natural nail base, OPI nail polish, and Seche Vite can give me 10 whole days of natural nail manicure, and Sally Hansen Quick Dry Base Coat, OPI nail polish, and Sally Hansen Quick Dry Top Coat can give me 7 whole days of natural nail manicure!<br /><br />So, if you love your Seche Vite you may have to match your base and nail polish to match it. :)
Basic hairdryer.  Nothing fancy, but does the job The hairdryer is basic, but works fine.  Average noise level.  My only complaint is the cord is shorter than other models I've owned.
so far so good Purchased another one of these hair dryers as the older one was dying.  So far so good but the life of these things seems to be around 12 months.
Good for travel We use this dryer when we in Europe.  It is small and packs well, and works like a dryer should.  Nothing negative to say, but it is just a travel dryer, and 5 stars seemed a bit much.
A very good hair dryer for the money A very good hair dryer for the money. I just wish it had a stronger blower as my hair takes longer to dry than with the older dryer.
Four Stars So far so good
Four Stars Great hairdryer, timely delivery
Figured out how to lock it At first I was with everyone else on the thing not staying in place and repeatedly falling out. I figured out that it has to be locked. If you twist it hard enough, it locks in place. I can now move freely and don't have to keep still thinking the hose will fall out, cause it won't....So this is a great product. Used it to deep condition my hair and I have no complaints. The brush attachment serves no purpose though, but it did feel good on my scalp when used as a regular brush.
A little better than okay This is an ok hair dryer. I had a previous model and it lasted for a very long time. My only real complaint is that I think it should get hotter on the high setting.
Warm Feature!! I used this dryer for the first time at a friend鈥檚 house.  It was amazing, it had the attachment on it and my hair was silky and dry within minutes.  I was so thrilled with it; I went online and bought one.  I still love it and the best part about the dryer is the warm setting.  You can dry your hair right at your scalp and not burn your head or heat up the bathroom to the point where you're sweating!!  I highly recommend this dryer.  I have had this dryer now for 6 months.
T3 Featherweight Hair Dryer This was a great deal this is very light weight does get a little bit too hot for me. Only has a high and low not a heat option.   Definetly drys my hair in record time. Has a great long cord. Great Dryer for the price
Four Stars Works good
Happy with Dryer I like this dryer, it's light & does what it's suppose to. The only issue I have<br />is it doesn't get as hot as my last dryer - It's not by any means cold - just a little<br />less warm that what I would Ideally like. But, it works very well for the price.
Good dryer It's very good. It has two levels viz Low and High. I wish if there was a medium level. Works on both 110 and 220 volts AC.
I love it. Love the retractable cord I love it. Love the retractable cord. My husband says it's too loud when he's still asleep in the next room, so I took away one star.
Be careful! Nice little unit but it will fry your body parts if you're not careful.  Very powerful.
Great buy for the price I bought this from Amazon warehouse deals, so it was a few dollars cheaper. The only thing it didn't have was a box. Everything else was there, and working. There was no damage to the item itself.<br /><br />This hair dryer runs a bit quieter and smoother than my previous one, and has both the concentrator and diffuser, and cold shot, so I'm set. It's light too, so if you spend a lot of time using it your wrist and hand won't get as tired.<br /><br />Great buy for the price. Better than the $30 one I bought at Sally Beauty.
Wallmount dryer This is an exact replacement for our old one. Makes it easy to replace. Our small bathroom has no place on the vanity or drawer for it. Wallmount makes it handy. Clip that holds handle broke, but dryer still worked.
A great, basic little hair dryer from a trusted name brand Don't let its small size fool you. This blow dryer is one of the best available at major retailers today. When I went shopping for a new blow dryer, this one actually looked sturdier than its bulkier, more expensive Conair cousins, with their breakable diffusers and fragile-looking reset buttons. The d5000's compact size makes it easy to hold, and it won't take up much space on on your bathroom counter when you're done with it. Although it's touted as a travel dryer, I find that it makes a great daily styling tool, drying my damp hair in just a few minutes (Caveat: I have fine, medium length hair, so someone with longer or thicker hair might need something more heavy duty).<br /><br />My only complaint about this dryer is that it's kind of loud. Granted, it is still an improvement over my old Sunbeam blow dryer, which sounded like demons being released from the bowels of Hell when I turned it on. With the Remington, I find that wearing earplugs reduces the noise to an acceptable level. With that said, I do have sensitive hearing, so a normal person may not have a problem with the noise.<br /><br />If this hair dryer lasts as long as my last one, which I owned for about five years, then I will be satisfied.
NORELCO Hair Clipper Received the item quickly and packaged well. I have not worked up the nerve yet to try cutting my own hair, but have used it to cut someone elses hair and it worked fine. I am a little concerned how well it will hold up over time as the different combs are made of plastic that seems kind of light.... not sure how well it will last, and if dropped I am sure it would be easily broken. The cutting length settings work well, although I would have preferred a longer setting be available. I used the longest settings for the top (maybe 1.5), shorter settings for the side, and the shortest settings around the ears and back for a tight taper. It can cut very short and the cutting blades seem to be plenty sharp, giving a good cut. I do wish there would have been more guidance on How-To to give the user confidence in cutting their own hair. I would suggest the manufacturer prepare an online video to teach you how to use it to cut your own hair yourself. So far I have not used it on myself and need to use it a few times on others to develop confidence in doing so.
Purchased as a gift for my roommate. She likes ... Purchased as a gift for my roommate. She likes it. It is quiet, not too heavy, & dries quickly. She stated that it was a bit large, but she was previously using a travel size as her everyday dryer.
Haiku Review Blows hot air around<br />But now we really want it<br />Hope it doesn't melt
Four Stars Bought it for my daughter - Works great  and she likes it.
Pretty good Really good, and I like the adjustable features of the dryer. I'm pleased overall. I'd buy if I were you.
I like how small it is and has good power makes ... I like how small it is and has good power makes it easy to travel with doesn't take up much room
Good Hair Dryer I really like the dryer and the price isn't to bad either. The only compliant I have are the switches are right where you hand/fingers go and I keep flipping them when I don't want too.
It really blows! This thing has almost as much hot air as a politician! With adjustable temperature settings, variable wind intensity and an &#34;off&#34; switch, this thing is 20 times more responsive than any political figure currently in office.<br /><br />Temperature variations are modest, little chance of frying your skin. Controls are a little cumbersome/awkward but it works, and I don't usually need to shift around much during drying incidents.<br />Air power is effective, if not stunning. Good for drying hair, not good for blowing large spiders across a tile floor (limited cord reach and range of power). Absolutely terrible for flying kites with small dogs attached.<br /><br />I think maybe I'd enjoy seeing a laser sight attachment so I can focus drying power on specific strands of troublesome hair... but we don't always get everything we want.
My mother likes it It was not the powerful motor ones at the Salon she was expecting. However it more than meets her needs at home which was why I bought it for her in the first place. A decent price for a nice looking blow dryer. There are three speeds, three temperatures and a cold button. It comes with two detachable mouthpieces and a sample oil product you can rub in your hair before you stylize it.<br /><br />I'm not sure how it stands up to the Remington for the same price. That one looks more powerful from the description.
good stuff THis dryer is great - especially for the price.  Easy to mount.  Two settings High is hot and blows hard and low is significantly cooler and blows rather soft.  I am not a real glam girl so the settings work for me.
Rucci 1x/10x Pretty durable body if closed.  Magnification  is pretty clear.  Don't like that there were  1x/10x stickers on the mirror.
Only dryer that was Ceramic/Ionic AND lightweight AND quiet After a dizzying hour looking at hairdryers in the store aisle I finally bought this in favour of many higher priced models.  Why? It was the ONLY one that had ALL of the features I wanted.  I wanted CERAMIC/IONIC and LIGHTWEIGHT and QUIET.  It is much lighter than all but one I picked up (a turquoise coloured model that looked too cheap despite the high price tag).  I used it for the first time tonight...it is MUCH quieter, and to all the reviewers who were confused about the reason for the lower decibels...its to protect the hearing of the USER. (not the family of--sorry).  At first I thought the dryer was not strong enough but it is missing that crazy blast of undirected air that just throws your hair every which way but it is definitely a strong current and very hot (variable temp) I used it on medium which was plenty hot.  I believe it is PRO (can get hotter than my last model).  Also the COOL SHOT is actually cool, most models give you slightly cooler...this one is definitely the &#34;coolest&#34;.  So far...Im happy and was prepared to spend upwards of $100.
Four Stars It works well, it's a blowdryer.
Does what its supposed to I can't seem to keep the comb attachment on, but I think that is because my hair is so thick. Other than that, it works. Does what it is supposed to!
Four Stars Works well
Good buy Andis hair dryer is very good product.  Protects your hair, the hair dryer is very neat, and it gas a long cord, I love it.  Also, very good price.  I  recommend it.
Compact and powerful It would be the perfect hair dryer if it weren't so loud.  I'd buy it again because of its size and quality
Andis Hangup Dryer Looks sharp hanging up.  Small and compact and has good blowing action.  Only fault is that it only has two speeds and the heat setting is governed by the blower speed, but that is minor.  Would be nice to have a cool shot too.  The cord hangup tab is a good idea to keep the cord out of the way.  The dryer fits into the receiver fine, but it seems that it could be anchored into the holder a little better as it feels like it might fall out if bumped.  It hasn't yet, so it might just be my imagination.
good dryer My daughter says that it is easy to use and is fine.
Good Portable Hair Dryer I have had multiples of this hair dryer over the past 5 years or so.  It works well - has a reasonable amount of power - and is great for travel, because it is so compact.  That said, I would not give 5 stars, because it ALWAYS goes south and inevitably eventually just loses steam and then dies altogether.  I have found that it can be somewhat inconsistent in power delivery - that appears to be a constant feature of this particular design, for whatever reason.  Still, I like and use these and do recommend them with that caveat.
Very nice dryer! Light weight and very smoothing, still giving my hair body. Great color, too! Dries quickly and easy to hold and turn.
Great Hair Dryer. Very affordable hair dryer. Came in on time. Its a very powerful dryer.<br /><br />I recommend for everyday use.<br /><br />Cons: the color and its a bit heavy.
hair dryer i bought this for my wife because i broke her other one.  she likes it, it works like her other one.
Dries my hair with less heat, in the same amount of time. Overall, I'm quite happy with this hairdryer. I didn't give it a 5/5 because I'm not quite raving--it didn't transform my hair, like some people claimed, or dramatically reduce my drying time, but for the price, this hairdryer is a great value and I think I'll be using mine for quite some time to come.<br /><br />I've owned this hairdryer for about a month now. Here are my impressions:<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Doesn't get as hot, but dries my hair in about the same amount of time as my old (non-ceramic, non-ionic) hairdryer (if anything, a little faster). Lower heat is less damaging to my hair, so since this dryer still gets it done just as quickly, that's a good thing in my book!<br />- Has three heat settings and two intensity settings, allowing for lots of control.<br />- Has a cold shot button that functions well.<br />- Retractable cord is very convenient for traveling and storage.<br />- Design is sleek and attractive.<br /><br />Cons:<br />- I wish the cord were just a little longer. Maybe I'm asking for too much, but this one seems a little shorter than my last, and I find myself pulling on it fairly often.<br />- The hairdryer is a bit heavy, but nothing unmanageable. Get that arm workout!<br /><br />I haven't used the diffuser or concentrator attachments, so I can't give an accurate review of those. But just out of the box and unmodified, this dryer has proved to be a good purchase for me.
This dryer has great Hot/Warm/Cold settings and makes my hair shiny and not ... This dryer has great Hot/Warm/Cold settings and makes my hair shiny and not too dried out. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the switch to adjust the settings is difficult to push.
... had this for about a year now and I like it. No problems at all I have had this for about a year now and I like it. No problems at all. Basic hair dryer, not too loud, not too fancy.
So far so Good! I have really long hair so I go through blow dryers like there is no tomorrow!  This one so far has lasted over 6months for me which I think is great!!  It does have a funny way of turning it on, but once you figure that out you are good to go!
decent hair dryer Good hair dryer--cool, warm and hot settings, plus a cool button.  I liked the sparkly finish.  My only complaint is that it is kind of big and hard to store. Fairly priced.
Dries thick hair quicker My stylist uses and recommended this hair dryer to me.  I have very thick hair that can take forever to blow out.  But with the Sedu Revolution it has literally cut my time in half.  I read other reviews before buying it and there were a lot of issues with the fact it only had two speeds but with hair like mine you only need high!  And a good brush!
Great Cord Had one of these in dark blue for years, it finally gave out. This one is alright, but feels lighted and cheaper made then my old one. Love the retractable cord.
Vacation lifesaver This mini blow dryer is perfect for traveling. I used it with the diffuser attachment for my curly hair, and my hair dried faster than it does with my regular dryer at home. Don't let the size fool you. It's small but high powered. I will never travel without this again!
POOF - what volume! This is an awesome hair dryer - In fact, the best one I've ever used to give my hair volume.  I'm middle aged with fine and thinning hair.  A couple friends commented that they thought my hair was getting thicker once I started using the dryer (I wish it were!).  However, those comments are directly related to how well this dryer works.  I've been using the 2&#34; wide attachment so that it really dries the roots, which adds volume and lift.<br /><br />This would have had a 5 star rating, but as others have said, the buttons are in an awkward place.  I'm constantly accidently turning the dryer off or the temp to another setting.  And, yes, it isa bit heavier than the standard dryers, but not much.  It feels sturdy and like it will hold up over time.<br /><br />Definitely recommend this dryer!
very good work like if i was in the salon, totally love it. my hair is a litte kinky and it leaves it nice and soft.
Four Stars It works well
Quick and Quick That's right - makes blowdrying pre-flat ironing so quick.<br />Being a curly head, I usually spend a solid hour straightening my hair.<br /><br />This product (with a keratin spray) cuts the time into half, and leaves my hair feeling soft all day long.
Four Stars This is actually a pretty darned good blow dryer for the price.  Just wish the cord was longer.
Like but too heavy. I like the hair dryer.  It works great but is heavy and a little big.  Did not realize it would be that heavy as I wanted to use it when I trave since it folds up.  Will have to see how well it works to pack it.
Great Hair Dryer for a Cheap Price This dryer is really great and simple to use; nothing fancy but def gets the job done; I luv the color and has a hook on the bottom to hang :)
Four Stars So far works well!
Smart Looking Wall-mounted Dryer I very much like the dual power and styling of this dryer.  The lint filter is very nice, too.  Since purchasing it about a month ago it has performed flawlessly.<br /><br />A small &#34;con&#34; is that the mounting bracket has &#34;play&#34; and the unit does not feel solidly mounted even though the mounting bracket is very tightly screwed into the wall.  To remedy this, I cut a Styrofoam cup into strips and wedged pieces between the dryer and the wall.  This tightened up the &#34;play&#34; to where the unit seems solidly mounted and the foam wedges do not show.
Great Blowdryer This is a great standard size blowdryer.  It has multiple heat and power sessions, and the internal cord storage helps keep clutter down in the cabinet under my seat.
My daily dryer for the last 12 years! I've owned and used this dryer daily for the last 12 years. Works well on my wavy average thick hair. Its sturdy and dang near indestructible because its been dropped plenty of times. I've never considered getting a different one until recently, I think the motor is about to give up the ghost because it shoots out sparks (not to worry, I have not started on fire or lost any hair) but I am noticing more frizz than I have in the past. Only complaint is that the filter can not be completely removed to clean it out (has a cover but it doesn't really do much, lots of lint still gets in there). We have to use a q-tip and canned air spray to try and remove the lint. I am going to upgrade and see what that gets me. Buying: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00SKQFT4I/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Will let you know how it compares in a week or so.
E Owens (Alabama) Better that I expected always used a comb dryer,I am a changed person no more combs for me
Four Stars It's a good hair dryer the attachment just won't stay on 馃槖
Four Stars Great product. I would only suggest that the cord be about six inches longer for ease and comfort.
Four Stars a
Four Stars Nice dryer! Just as expected.
Great product! The only bad thing was that the ... Great product ! The only bad thing was that the wheels didn't fit .
Dries my hair quickly, but a little heavy A few things to note about this hair dryer:<br /><br />TEMPERATURE: It has a total of four settings:<br />  1. Quick blast cold button (takes about 2-3 seconds to get cold when you push the button)<br />  2. Cold temperature setting (so the air blows cold without having to push the button)<br />  3. Medium/warm (this is the setting I always use and it is plenty warm enough to dry my hair very quickly)<br />  4. Ouch, my scalp is burning (I never use this setting because my hair is fine and it's way too hot for me)<br /><br />**One thing I really like about this hair dryer is that no matter what setting you're using, even if it's the hottest setting, the dryer itself does not get hot to the touch and remains cool.<br /><br />WEIGHT: It does feel a little heavier than I'm used to. I notice the weight of it when I pick it up and it feels heavy in my hand, but the ergonomic shape of the handle allows me to hold it right near the top so my arm doesn't really get tired. It weighs approximately 1-lb-11-oz , which isn't all that much but in comparison with an older dryer I had, it does feels like it weighs more. This is the only reason I took off a star.<br /><br />CORD: Long enough to allow me to easily dry my hair and move the dryer all over the place without running out of cord, but it doesn't get tangled or gnarly. It wraps up quick and clean.<br /><br />SPEEDS: It has two speed settings, high and low. I use it on medium temperature and high speed and my shoulder-length hair, which is also straight and fine, can go from soaking-wet-out-of-the-shower to dry in about 3 minutes.<br /><br />I couldn't really tell you if the ion action is working, because I don't have any way to really tell, but it gets my hair dry quickly with lots of volume and it feels fairly smooth when I'm done, even when I don't use a brush to blow it out. I recently went on a trip and left my dryer at home, which meant I used the tiny little hair dryer in the hotel. After a couple days of that I was VERY excited to get home to my Remington hair dryer. I am a mom of 4 and I don't have extra time to waste drying my hair, so the faster it can get done the better. This one definitely gets the job done.ERY excited to get home to my Remington hair dryer. I am a mom of 4 and I don't have extra time to waste drying my hair, so the faster it can get done the better. This one definitely gets the job done.
A very good product Everything I expected , a very good product , for the price this is a very good purchase and I give it a good rating
Four Stars thought it was smaller!!
Good Stuff I use Organic Root Stimulator to freshen my scalp after a workout. Good stuff. Be careful not to overuse this product. It will cause buildup on your scalp if you use it too often. Nothing fully replaces a vigorous scalp-scrub in the shower!
Good Product Could be Better It was easy to mount and it works well. It needs a &#34;cool only&#34; setting to make it five stars
Great blow dryer I have had this hair dryer for a few years now. It works great! The only setback is that the point started chipping after a year around the nozzle blower. Perhaps it is from the water in my hair when i blow dry? I am not sure, but either way it works great and has lasted for a long time. The attachments are a pain in the butt to put on and off :(
Great blow dryer This blow dryer works great. My hair looks really shiny after using and soft. The blow dryer is a little heavy. I would buy again.
Great Hair Dryer but Sedu Revolution Green 3600 is Better... This is a great little dryer, it dried my thick curly hair straight in 10 mins and it came out smooth and shiny however, I was surprised at how heavy this little dryer is! The weight of this dryer was just a bit too much for me and it bothered me in only 10 mins of use and I'm not exactly a weakling. The Sedu Revolution Green 3600 hair dryer actually dried my hair in close to half the time(6 mins!) as this one even though the watts are a little lower, it seems just as powerful if not more and it looked just as good! Also, the Sedu Green dryer seems MUCH lighter to me and slightly less loud which made it much more enjoyable to use. The 4000 is a great powerful little dryer but I am IN LOVE with the Sedu Green 3600 dryer and recommend that dryer over this one.
Great price, decent look I like this product for everyday use. It wears well and does show results. I wasnt blown away by the volume, and I would have liked this in waterproof, but al in all, for the price it was great.
It is still working It is still working, I like that. I ordered it up sometime ago for the MRS. She's has made no complaints which pleases me so Conair has done good with this one.
Gets the job done Great little dryer, blows strong and price is just right. Biggest down side as others have mentioned is when you press the cool button power goes down quite a bit. So unfortunately there is no way to blow a lot of cool air.
Solid Hair dryer Works fine.  Replaced a similar older model with this one.  It seems to be a bit lighter than the older one.  Good purchase.
still using it Well, I haven't used it long yet. I'm still using it. It works well. But hard to put in all those extra feature to blow dry my hair. We'll see how good/long it will last me...
Good little hair dryer It does what it's supposed to do. It's light weight and fairly easy to handle. I would have given it 5 stars except that the cord tangles a bit while using it. Maybe it will loosen up after a while I don't know, but right now it's kind of annoying. Also it doesn't have a cool air button, which it didn't claim to have one so it's not their fault, but I didn't think of it checking when I read the description.<br /><br />For the money it's a great item. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a simple hair dryer.
Good dryer for the price This dryer does dry may hair fast and it seems less frizzy than with other dryers. I have had many dryers ranging from cheap to very expensive. This one ranks in the top percent. A few downsides...it's a bit heavy and I don't like where the buttons are located (On/Off-Warm/Hot) I'm constantly turning the dryer on warm when I want it hot. Not the end of the world, just something I would change about it if I could.
Todd price and function Bought these for our rental beach house.  The retractable cord was our favorite feature.  A good price for this unit.
Good for deep conditioning. I heard about this type of product through word of mouth. I was speaking to a co-worker about hair care. She told me she uses this type of product for deep conditioning. I didn't know this type of product existed prior to our conversation. I compared prices between this product and the Leila Ali version. I purchased this version because it was the cheapest of the two. I read the reviews after the purchased, and was disappointed because most of them were negative. People were saying that it only lasted for ten minutes. Contrarily,  the product last as long as I want. However, I have not been successful with roller sets.  I just realized that it has a drawstring on my third use. My roller sets might not have came out the way I wanted because I did not adjust the drawstring and because I need smaller rollers. Other than that, its great for deep conditioning and hot oil treatments. I will try once more for a roller set. I will be content with this product even if my next roller set is unsuccessful.
Wall mount hair dryer Great product.  Does exactly what I wanted it to do and easy to mount on the wall.  Perfect for guest bathroom.
Still kind of heavy and cord refused to retract after a few months I was looking for something light and easy to store, hence the foldable handle and retractable cords. It is not light, and not small. The retractable cord can only retract half way after a few months. Other than that, I don't mind it and has gotten used to the weight. Still on the lookout for my dream hair dryer...<br /><br />Tip: retract the cord before folding the handle, cord will not retract otherwise.
Four Stars Girlfriend likes it. However, doesn't feel as powerful as the previous version
I love it even with the odor This hair dryer is as good as all the reviews say it is. It does give off a gross plastic smell when you use it though. If you can get past that then you'll love it.
Four Stars Great travel dryer!!!
This one did a good job to dry my hair on the go I went on a trip where I wasn't sure there would be hair dryers.  This one did a good job to dry my hair on the go.
from a cosmotoligists point of view I am tired of paying 85 dollars and up for a professional hairdryer that never seems to last more than 9 mos, is heavy with a bulky desighn and never fails to trip my breaker(usually more than once) while blow drying a client.(p.s, stay away from hot tools, ive had 3 of them in 2 &1/2 years)the shipping was FAST, and although the dryer itself is of a smaller scale,it has more blowing power than I expected for its small size, its nice and light and easy to handle, it has yet to trip my breaker at work, its perfect for young  girls who are just learning to manuver a blowdryer,and of course, the price is gReat, at this rate I could go through 3 a year and not spend what I normally would on another............DOWNSIDE is that the cord is short, its just a touch noisier than I would prefer, and I have dropped it once and the seam eria where the blowdryer is put together has come apart a little, BUT ITS STILL RUNNING!! THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY, i WOULD BUY AGAIN!
lightweight, great for travel, but very loud I bought this hairdryer because I wanted one small and lightweight for traveling.  I have used it on 2 trips so far, and it works very well and is easy to pack.  The only thing I don't like is that it is much louder than other hairdryers I have used.  Since I only use this for traveling and not for regular home use, that isn't too much of a problem, though
I love it! Aside from being a bit heavy, I love this dryer. To be fair, I had been working with an ancient blow dryer that didn't have ceramic or tourmaline heating plates so of course this would work far better. And I've been using the argon oil that came with it which is a dimethicone-based product... of course my hair would be silkier than when I use my homemade aloe & grape seed oil concoction. So whether its the dryer, the products or the combination- I'm not sure. But in either case I am happy with the results each and every time. (I've used it 4 or 5 times by now.)
Still love I already had this hairdryer so it was just a replacement.Still love it
Four Stars my wife love it, its not heavi and powerfull
Gift for my wife My wife was looking for a new hair dryer for quite some time.  She has gone through a few with her longer hair and she was sick of them constantly burning out or having issues.  The last one she has dims the lights when she would start it up and the transformer would get ridiculously hot.<br /><br />After reading many reviews of many different products, I chose this one and she absolutely loves it.  Thus far, it is a champ and does exactly what it is supposed to do.
Good Hairdryer This hairdryer Works great.I do not see any shine diffrence in my hair though.Transaction was smooth and fast service.
Great STYLER dryer I am a cosmetologist of just about a decade. The main reason that I purchased this dryer was its price, practicality and its brand. Andis is one of the leaders in professional clippers in the hair industry, so I figured that I would give this dryer a shot. I have fine/normal curly just to about the ears, and this dryer gets it QUITE straight.I must admit that the &#34;high velocity&#34; air speed is not there, however, The HEAT is REALLY intense. As a professional, if I had to compare this to a standard salon dryer, performance wise, I would say that it acts a lot like the original Chi dryers, low speed, INTENSE heat, with ionic coating to break water molecules up faster. Now, that being said, if someone wants a dryer that really BLOWS the water out of the hair, I would recommend, concerning affordability and professional performance, the Babyliss 2800,  not that weighty and TRULY cuts drying time, in half, has a 3 year warranty AND Amazon sells it for half the retail price .<br /><br />This little Andis dryer works great for hair shorter than top of the shoulders, if you have really thick/curly or long hair, I would recommend use a T parting in your hair (draw a straight line with a wide toothed comb from the center of your eyebrows, to the back of your neck and comb each section down, from the very top of your head, draw a line from ear to ear to make a lower case 't' on your head) and do your hair in quadrants, (clipping them with butterfly clamps helps to keep other sections out of your way) 3-5 min extra prep time, but works WONDERS for straightening effectively, and saves you time in the end.<br /><br />This dryer does exactly what it says, it 'styles' hair, quite nicely might I add.The attachments are better than other vertical dryers that I have owned.The brush attachment is boar bristle, which allows one to naturally distribute oil through the hair, which is essential to a less frizzy and smoother blow dry. For those who have coarse, thick,tightly curled, or all of the above, use the comb attachment that best suits you, and use the brush to set and smooth it in the direction that you would like it to go, this will 'mold' your hair. Air cool the section that you are working on,The cool shot button on ANY dryer is almost useless, takes too long to cool, by the time it does, the section that you are working on is practically almost ready and is 'set'.<br />Overall, this is a four star dryer, it comes with a FIVE year warranty, it's very hot, and it is great for people (like me) who suffer from carp-tunnel and arthritis in their hands. At under twenty dollars, this is a great deal, it is nearly impossible to find one locally at that price, especially with a professional brand backing it. Thanks again Amazon, I find SO much great stuff here!r all of the above, use the comb attachment that best suits you, and use the brush to set and smooth it in the direction that you would like it to go, this will 'mold' your hair. Air cool the section that you are working on,The cool shot button on ANY dryer is almost useless, takes too long to cool, by the time it does, the section that you are working on is practically almost ready and is 'set'.<br />Overall, this is a four star dryer, it comes with a FIVE year warranty, it's very hot, and it is great for people (like me) who suffer from carp-tunnel and arthritis in their hands. At under twenty dollars, this is a great deal, it is nearly impossible to find one locally at that price, especially with a professional brand backing it. Thanks again Amazon, I find SO much great stuff here!
Meh... Yes, it was dirt cheap, but my wife reports it's not that great.  Apparently it doesn't get as hot as other models, and the air it pushes is just so-so, so it takes longer to work.
Hair Dryer I put three of these in a rental and two have held up well, the other one still works but plastic parts broke.<br />.
Good so far I use this frequently and its working well so far.  A little bigger and louder than I expected but tolerable.
Very Happy With The Blow Dryer Have no complaints other then it's a bit heavy and the attachments seem to slip off easily.  It works well and dries my hair without all the damage of a regular dryer.  This is a salon quality dryer for a great price..I would recommend it!
Four Stars Working very well for more than 2 years
Powerful, Easy to install but .... Overall a good product.  Has a powerful motor in a very compact form.  No problems installing holder and have had no problems with unit.  There are only 2 settings, 1 low and no heat, and 1 high with heat.  However, my wife says the heat setting is not that warm so factor that in.  If you want real heat, this may not be unit for you.
Good Hair Dryer This is a really good blow dryer. I have unrelaxed AA hair. Makes my hair really straight and manageable. The only down side to this dryer is that it's really heavy otherwise its great!
Clean & Effective, Lovely Finish I'm always afraid of product being greasy and/or clogging my skin.  With Moisture Surge, there's no fear of that.  It smoothes on easily,  is instantly absorbed, and leaves a lovely surface for applying   makeup or (if in neck area) just feeling soft and enriched.    I use my fingertips for application and they are also left completely  dry in mere seconds, so no searching for a rag or tissue to mop off   excess... there simply isn't any need.  You can immediately put the  top back on the tube to save it from drying out.  Having moderate skin, I can only guess that someone with excessively   dry dermis might not find this sufficiently moisturizing.  Also just a   guess:  the younger you are, the less you probably need.  I'm not a   spring chicken and I find a little does go quite a way.  There is no odor and no wetness left a few seconds after application.   Just lovely feeling skin.  I wish I could afford a larger size, as this is   not inexpensive (my rationale for 4 of 5 stars only).  Oh, and one final   trick for this or any product: always, but always, feather upwards from   chest to chin - don't give gravity any more help than it naturally has!
... much lighter than the older model I had and love the different speeds and power This is much lighter than the older model I had and love the different speeds and power.
great to have for travel not super small but it ... great to have for travel<br />not super small but it is powerful
Kind of like the old times.... I wanted to dry my hair all over without having to hold the dryer!  I wanted the old timey kind and this sort of fits the bill.  The plastic casing is more fragile than the old ones but it gets the job done.
Love this I only used it once but so far so good. Very comfortable and easy to maneuver to multitask. Great product.
Great hair dryer Great hair dryer , have been using them for years.  Nice wall hung means out of the way not laying on the counter or having to unplug and put away each time it is used.  My last one lasted about 5 years.  Bought two more .
Fun and lovely color! Green is my favorite color and I love them as nail polishes. Who the Shrek are you is a very unique color that you won't find anywhere else.<br />The application was OK but not great: i thought the polish was a little thin and I had to use 3 coats.<br />However, I first fell in love with this color when i got it for a manicure (picture included) and I only had 2 coats on.<br />You will not regret having this color in your closet, it is perfect for summer!
Lovely shade! This color is awesome, you won't find any like it. It's a very sweet almost turquoise green. I have had a lot of compliments on it.<br />The application was a bit streaky so I had to use 3 coats, but the finish was real good.<br />Add a glossy top coat to it and it looks like a jelly bean on your hand!
Four Stars A little bit too big for travelling
Great value I have had the dryer for a few weeks, and so far I am loving it! It is lightweight and great at transforming my coarse, curly hair into sleek, shiny, and straight hair in a short amount of time.  I have paid 2-3 times more for hairdryers in the past only to have them lose the ability to stay hot.  I am hopeful this dryer will last a while.  My hairdresser recommended it highly.  If he loves the product in a high volume salon, then I look forward to owning mine for a long time to come.
Love It! Amazon Rocks! I'm not sure if this hair dryer actually dries my hair any faster but, it sure makes it shinier.  I also love the shape & placement of the cool button which I use to set the volume.
It's a great product!!! I've wasted my money on several hair dryers that didn't measure up because the bonnets never fit tightly. They wouldn't stay on my head properly, the heat would seep out and took hours to dry my SHORT hair.  Now, with this dryer, these problems are solved!!! It has a nice snug fit with the drawstring attachment, the heat stays in and my hair is dry in no time! I love it. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I wish the hose was longer. Other than that, it's a great product!
Dryer good, bed good for one Ihave 3 indoor cats and only one of them likes this bed.  But the one who does LOVES IT.  I bought two and the other goes mostly unused.  Will saved it for a spare for the one who loes it.<br /><br />The hair dryer that hangs is good.  I love that it hangs out of the way including the little piece to keep the cord up  I bought it mostly to keep it out of the way of my grandson but like that it cuts down on clutter.  The high speed is good and dries well and is pretty quiet.  The low speed is very, very low and not much good for anything but final dry of bangs or ends.  I have fine, thin hair so it works ok for me but I doubt it would do the trick for someone with thick hair.  I usually dry my hair with the high speed until it is mostly dry and then use the low to style it.
compact dryer So nice to have it hanging on the wall ready to use.... only drawback, the green night light is very bright so we don't leave it plugged in
Good quality for price. Does a good job for the price. I like the diffuser.
Love it I love this blowdryer.  I love how I don't have to mess around with the cord anymore.  The cord does, however, get stuck sometimes and you have to unwind it and do it over and over again until the cord is properly inserted back into the blowdryer.  I also get this burnt smell from the dryer after using it for 10 minutes.  Still, I like this blowdryer more than the ones I've used in the past.
I love travel blow dryers because they are easy to lift ... This dries my hair faster that bigger, more powerful models. I love travel blow dryers because they are easy to lift and they usually come in 1600 w or less. Bigger dryers are heavy and blow my hair everywhere. This has a surprising amount of power and is very compact. I would give it a five except that the switch is not easy to turn on and off with one hand and it's noisier than I anticipated.
Just what I wanted except...... It was powerful as advertised and according to reviewers.  I realize the faster the fan, the more it dilutes the heat from the heating coils, but it could be a little warmer.  I'd still recommend it though.
the best and fastest hair dryer i've owned This is the best hair dryer i've ever purchased!!! It has cut my drying time down to 20 minutes, i have shoulder length thick hair that is prone to frizz. It leaves my soft and smooth. The only downside is that it gets extremely hot and can burn the bristles on a round brush. I've had to try out different brushes that stand up to the heat and a tourmaline ceramic round brush is the best. Overall, i would recommend this to everyone!
Cheap switches, but great for the price Does what it's supposed to; haven't had any problems with it yet, but the sliding switches seem really cheap. Better quality switches would have pushed it to 5 stars; shame they cut corners on the only moving piece that you actually have to manipulate to use the thing; reminding me how cheap it feels when I use it every time.
Dries fast My last hairdryer was really loud so although I expected this one to be more quiet than it is, it is still not as loud as my last one. It has the same power as my last one but really seems to dry faster. I love it! It works great and I would give it 5 stars if it was quieter.
Quieter than most and gets the job done I don't like that high pitched whine that comes from some blow dryers. I had to rely on reviews here to feel comfortable enough to make this purchase, so I am returning the favor.<br /><br />This blow dryer is sturdy, substantial and quieter than any dryer I have owned previously. The price was reasonable and the shipping prompt. Note it doesn't fold for travel, but that wasn't a factor for me.
Great hair dryer Great hair dryer, gets your hair dry in no time and the cord  gets store in the same dryer, my daughter loves it, thanks a lot!!
Bought this for my Rv it stays in place well ... Bought this for my Rv it stays in place well, take up small amount of space, it does make a lot of noise so if someone sleeps well you dry hair maybe not for you.
Very good hairdryer Great hairdryer.  We used one in a Marriott property and my wife liked it so much I found it on line and we ordered it that day.  Quieter than many other models we have had and feels sturdier.  Does not fold up, so if you want to travel, you might want something else.  But for home use, it does great.
Great blowdryer When I first pulled it out of the box I was surprised to find that mine at least had a sparkly finish but I decided to try it before passing any judgments on how the product works. I'm happy I did. The dryer has 6 settings each tailored to a different hair type, which is great. In addition to that handy perk, it also has instant cool for setting styles. My hair is always very soft and pretty after using the dryer. Glad to say that I love it!
Buy it! Works very good. I'm and African American with permed hair. Now ladies you know after we wash and blow dry our hair we normally have to flat iron it as well. But that's not the case with this blow dryer since I started using it I haven't flat ironed my hair. I just blow dry and I'm out the door. I once told my cousin this and she said I looked like I when to the hair dresser. Product works great. And drying and combing with one hand is absolutely awesome. The combs snap only firmly. I have no fear it will fall off even with my thick hair.
Bonnet opening too small. Should be way more elastic so you can adjust it with the button haven't gotten to use it yet. Can't get the elastic in the bonnet to open wide enough to get over the rollers. It is a painful attempt even without rollers. I will have to go to JoAnns and get some elastic and rethread the bonnet opening first. So when I finally get to use it I may review with you again.  Did it. Removed the elastic and it works much better. I will still put back in a much longer piece of elastic.
Hairdryer I does not have a difuser, but is a very lite and comfortable grip. Leaves your hair shinny. Like it.
Nice This blow dryer is ok.  First of all, it's a little larger than I thought & a little louder than my Conair 1875 watt dryer.  I prefer the Conair but kept this as a spare.
Great Trimmer This is my second MB-200 that I've owned.  The first one was amazingly convenient.  It held a charge for around a month.  With no accessories, it was great for traveling.  Unfortunally my cats knocked it off of the sink with the guard extended.  It broke a small piece inside and the guard doesn't work anymore.  So I suggest to store it with the guard all the way in so that can't happen.  Other than that, I'm completely satisfied.
lots of power - works Fast! This thing has lots of power --- works so fast, and seems to do so without damaging the hair... I was wavering between this dryer and another that was a bit cheaper. But was glad that I chose this one, as it's the most satisfying hair dryer I've used at home thus far.<br /><br />My only issue with it is that the sliding switches are annoying to use, as they are very stiff. Wish that this awesome product came with easier to maneuver switches.... Maybe next time, in the redesign, it will?
Love this dryer I love this dryer. I haven't had any problems with it at all and I've been using it for a few months. I love the diffuser and the concentrator. When my previous ionic dryer died after ten years, I had to use a regular 1875 watt dryer for a few days and IT WAS AWFUL! This dryer is faster and does not cause frizz or flyaway like a regular dryer. I haven't had any issues with it getting too hot or attachments popping off as mentioned in a few other reviews. I also haven't had any issues with the nonslip coating peeling or anything like that but I put the dryer away after each use so it is not out on the counter getting sprayed with perfumes and hairsprays etc. I would definitely purchase this product again and highly recommend it.
Just Perfect It's very cute and light on the pockets, I'm loving it soo far. It's a thumbs up for me!<br />Don't overthink it, Just get it!
Good basic dryer for the price. Nice hair dryer for the price, but it wasn't anything special and seemed quite basic.  I didn't feel as though my hair dried any faster or looked any different than the old basic hair dryer I've been using for the past 5 years or so.  I do like the color and the fact that the cord is quite a bit shorter than the cord on my old hair dryer.
If it was supposed to black/silver, someone must be COLOR BLIND the blow dryer delivered to me was white and black...it was not the silver/black that I ordered but it does dry my hair.
it does a good job. The only drawback is that I feel ... I have long hair, and for the price, it does a good job. The only drawback is that I feel the vibration more so than from other hair dryers. Worth what it cost though.
overall good hair dryer Dries my hair fast...overall good hair dryer...I'm not sure that it's worth the price..but I like it.
Chic and stylish!! Any girl/women will fall in love with the look of this dryer. Its definitely made to impress anyone who is looking for a product that works and looks great too. I bought it for the same reason. I own a Remington Straightener and almost can't live without it. This one compliments it perfectly.  The weight of the dryer is perfect. It does not feel heavy and is comfortable to work with. I wash my hair almost daily and this dryer comes in handy every time. It comes with bonus diffuser and concentrator attachments. I have very thin and fine hair and the diffuser seems like its made for a person with thick hair. Its too big for my hair.   The features that I love in this product are:  1. It has a removable air intake screen which make cleanup so easy.   2. Its sleek design and light weight.  3. Long cord and heat settings.  Features I wish were addressed:  1. It makes a lot of noise and my husband always complaints about that.  2. Though the cord is long and convenient for usage, its difficult to store because its not retractable.  Overall its a great buy and I can see myself using it for a very long time.
Four Stars loved it. broke after a year
Small yet powerful, Almost perfect.... It is small, powerful and came with a carrying case so very useful for traveling.  It is dual voltage rated so easy to use in USA or abroad.  I wish it came with plug adopter that are compatible with the pin arrangements in foreign countries.  For example, I travelled to Dubai and India, there they have three round pin plugs.  Without an adopter, you can not plug in this unit directly into the wall receptacle.  That can become a major problem.
Four Stars Good Product. Does the job well.
I like it. The hi setting does get very hot. The lo setting works just fine and I have thick, curly hair. It usually takes my hair a long time to dry but I can sit under this dryer 20 minutes. I hate sitting under the dryer! I have gone to the salon and have to sit an hour or more under theirs! Adjusting the height might be an issue for some. If you have a chair that can raise up and down, that will be perfect. Overall, I like this dryer. I use it about twice a month for deep conditioning treatments or to set twist styles. I'm glad I made this purchase.
great This was a top beauty buy of 2012 and it is a cheap and great buy for a hair dryer works great buy and deal
Hair dryer Works great only complaint is that when using the attachment it doesn't always stay on when trying to change the diretion.
Quick dry. I like the xtava hair dryer. It work good and I don't have any problem with it.  This hair dryer has two speeds and 3 heat settings that is good so you can control how much heat you need. This dryer comes with attachment to help dry your hear directly on the spot that you need and not making the rest of your hair frizzy. For my straight thick hear the dryer works very good and I was sent this for review, however it does not effect my thoughts and opinions.
Four Stars I being using the same blow dryer for 8 years n I lake it.
Four Stars Light is too bright
Four Stars I loved it but It did break after 8 months
Four Stars god product
Great product As prescribed it Works well sofar will see how long it last. I use it on a daily basis handle pretty good
Good hair dryer for the price It's a good  hair dryer for the price. It's light weight and you still get the benefits fr om a full side hair dryer. The lettering on the handle did rub off within  a week but that's not a big deal for me. Overall I'm pretty happy with my purchase.
Incredible! My hair dryer finally died after - well, I'm not sure how old it was... maybe 25 years?  Read many of the reviews on this and decided to give it a try.  EXCELLENT hair dryer; it has a cooling button to set the curl which I forgot about.  The first time I used it I styled half my head and suddenly remembered this button - which is actually very easy to use, takes less than 10 secs - the first time I tried it the curl was definitely MUCH better then what I had just using the heat.  I had to go back and redo the first half and was so pleased.  The blow dry was excellent; it didn't fall during the day; the bounce was still in my hair the next day (after sleeping on it).<br /><br />I never had this good a blow dry with any of my older dryers, so the new construction really does make a difference.  Dried my hair in half the time.<br /><br />The only reason I gave it 4-stars is the design of the handle.  It's much narrower than my old dryer, making it difficult to handle and difficult to get to the cooling button.  I'm hoping I get used to it over time because it kinda keeps slipping in my hand.
Works great I have both straight and curly hair (blow dryer + round brush, straight. A little curl spray & diffuser, curly), so I've owned tons of blow dryers. This diffuser is great. I diffuse with my hair upside-down & it gives me big full curls. Others have said their long hair has gotten stuck in it & that hasn't been  the case for me. Only reason I gave it 4 stars & not 5 is because it's larger & heavier than I expected.
Works well, good value, but not as quiet as others have stated I use it to blow-dry my little dog.  It is not as quiet as i would like, but on low setting it is pretty quiet,,.but the heat is not very much...so i have to use the high setting which is as loud as other hair dryers...so dont expect a quieter blow dryer as others have commented.
Not bad!! Not a bad dryer! Yes, heavy, but sleek as can be and doesn't burn my hair.
Good product... Product purchased about one month ago and so far we are pleased. The unit dries wet hair quickly and leaves hair soft, not frizzy. A bit large in the hand, but light enough not to be cumbersome. The key verdict will be determined by how long the unit will last... as the previous 2 units (Vidal Sasson) burned out in less than 12 months.
Liking this dryer! Soft heat and light weight! Purchased this item because I'm needing to transition from no-lye relaxed 4b or 4c hair to natural hair. As stated, by many hair professionals of African American hair studies, that grade 4b or 4c hair is prone to dryness and needs plenty of moisture. So, I was looking to wash my hair then press it, but my hair takes hours to air dry; though, it appears dried once I towel dry it... it still retains water. Dampness effects my press iron, if my shafts are not free from vapor; therally. Well, I will be using and have used this dryer to quick dry my hair and afterwards press it. Both heat tools that I have now are of tourmaline and ceramic technology...I believe this system is better because they will ensure least harsh heat on my hair shafts. Glad that it adds shine to my hair and I look forward to continuous usage in the future. Yes, it's light weight and it's filter is easy to change.<br /><br />I give it 4 stars so far and leave off one because it's loud when set on high, but it's not bothersome (as with all dryers).
this hair buyer is wonderful. My hair is seriously prone to being frizzy For the price, this hair buyer is wonderful. My hair is seriously prone to being frizzy, and with (1) being tourmaline ceramic, (2) having a warm setting as well as a cool and hot, and (3) having a concentrator, my hair has started acting much better. It's also fairly quiet. The lack of five stars is because it isn't particularly easy to store; it barely fits in the normal-size drawer, and including the diffuser, concentrator, and a hairbrush, it can be challenging to fit it in the drawer. Definitely a wonderful buy, though.
Four Stars Good hair dryer.
Hair Raising! Nice dryer and so far it's working great.  Still not sure how long it'll last but I'm hopeful that it'll still be working when my kids are sorting through my stuff and asking themselves, &#34;What the heck was he using this thing for?&#34;
Great dryer This is a good dryer. I gave it 4 stars because it doesn't get as hot as I would like it to, but that's just a personaly thing. Definitely gets hot enough for your hair.
I like it as much as a guy can like a hairdryer Let's face it, I really just bought this because it looked like the manliest looking hairdryer out there.<br />But I will say, my hair is nice and soft and much easier to hold its style. I've even used it for manly tasks such as drying primer, and glue.
Good product The only thing I don't like about it is the dryer cord plugs into the wall.  My last wall mounted dryer had a separate power cord from the wall mount.  Just note this if your mounting the dryer and your electrical outlet isn't close by.  Otherwise, I would recommend this product.
... I expected but it does make your hair look better comparing with other regular dryers The real product is bigger than I expected but it does make your hair look better comparing with other regular dryers. And I love the color!!!
Like it so far Previously had an OSTER, but the last two I have had didn't last very long.<br />Trying the Conair, still getting used to the way it hangs. (Sideways)
It's works very good. We had the same one that lasted for ... It's works very good. We had the same one that lasted for 7 years. It is pretty noisy. I thought maybe they had made them to be less noisy now.
Love it. Perfect for travelling Love it. Perfect for travelling! I used this when I went to Norway last spring. Not only did it work well with the converter, it was also very high powered for such a small dryer.
Great little Hair Dryer With the exception of the hose being a little short - this is a great little hair dryer that has 4 temps.  It is light weight - easy to store and easy to travel with - I recommend it!!!
Like it it is pretty powerful Like it  it is pretty powerful. Took on vacation and use it in my RV too.
wall anchors the hair dryer itself is very good & just what i wanted, however,the wall anchors that the dryer is secured to the wall with are useless. Dont know why a company disregards how important these small things are? another trip to Lowe's!!
Great For Thick Hair! If I am to be honest, I have NEVER found a hair dryer that I truly loved.  I have VERY think and VERY long hair, so finding a dryer that lives up to the task is hard to find.  My hair dryer runs for a good 30 minutes straight which means #1. By the time I get through drying my hair I am sweating due to the heat needed to accomplish this task and #2. My arms are really tired by the time I'm done. Which brings me to the 2 things I absolutely LOVED about this hair dryer.<br /><br />*It didn't take 30 minutes to dry my hair. It took about 15 and my face never felt the heat from the dryer. I'm not exactly sure how this happens, but I found myself on several occasions actually reaching my hand up in front of the dryer to make sure it was blowing hot. It was. All I felt was a cool breeze on my face while my hair took the brunt of the heat.<br />*Even though it looks really heavy (I kind of freaked out at it's size when I pulled it out of the box) it's actually quite light and balanced, so it doesn't put a lot of stress on your arm while you are styling your hair.<br /><br />Now... here are the features that I loved.<br /><br />*It has 3 different speeds & temps allowing you to mix and match according to your hair type. (these are toggle switches)<br />*It has a locking cold button so you don't have to struggle while setting your style & holding down a button at the same time<br />*It came with 3 different attachments, 2 directionals and a diffuser<br />*The ion actually made my hair shiny, so much so that I DIDN'T need to use my flat iron when I was done drying my hair.<br /><br />Overall quality product. A little pricey, but well worth the money if you have difficult/think/hard to manage hair.
Four Stars Good hair dryer especially for the price!!
Great for home It is powerful & effective with defuser & concentrator. I wanted something for traveling but too heavy. Folding handle was good, but too big for my use.
Four Stars Great dryer for the money
ok but not great works well so far.  temp not as warm as I would have expected compared to other manufacturers' products; and the air velocity not as good even with concentrator - but acceptable. 4 not 5 stars.
Get's the job done! I've had this dryer for about 3 years.  The only thing that has gone bad - probably due to abuse - is the bonnet.  The string has broken and the bonnet itself tore.  I purchased the Conair to replace it, but the hose came apart and I ended up giving it away.  I like the Hot Tools so much that I ended up replacing the broken string and super gluing the bonnet to patch up the hole and I have resisted getting a new dryer. If I could find a bonnet replacement, I would buy it - but I can't so I'll break down and get another unit.      I haven't had any problems with it not fully inflating (even with my super glued holes).  I also find that it is very hot and I sometimes have to put it on medium.  The hose is pretty long and easily stores inside the unit, along with the bonnet. It's very portable and convenient.  I usually put it on at night while I lay on the couch and watch TV, or when I am working on the computer.  Before I know it, my hair is dry!
Four Stars loved this product
I am glad I screwed it to the wall... ...cause everyone would walk out of my house with it. All of my friends want one...it is SO COOL! Only thing I wish is that it was a bit more powerful...High is what I would consider as Medium, but I still wouldn't give it away. Every feature is that of style. :)
Four Stars Good!!
Four Stars great size but pretty loud
She is really happy! My friend got this from me as a b-day gift, she is absolutely happy! she takes it everywhere she travels.
Four Stars Love the temperature...does not blow too hot. Getting use to the button locations.
Getting good usage from it I'm able to straighten my daughter's very kinky hair with no problems with the comb attachment. No problems so far, I don't really use it much, but so far so good.
Awesome product One of the best purchase. I also love the color. Quick and easy to use. The price is also just right!
Great product This blow dryer has been really great. The only reason I did not give it the full 5 stars is because the matte film on the dryer has begun to peel off. As far as the function, the blow dryer is really handy and useful.
love it!! This definitely cuts down your drying time and it leaves your hair soft & friz free. The only thing I would change is making the prongs on the diffuser longer to work better.  Other than that,  it's perfect.
Stop getting hot after 6 months! I love this blow dryer but after 6 months it stop blowing hot air! I did buy a new yellow bird but this time I got the warranty!
Buy it now Love this hairdryer! It's small, quiet, and quick to dry your hair! I haven't really used hairdryers in the past so I don't have much to compare it with but when I used my sister's for the first time, I knew I had to have one of my own! I also give it points for being sturdy since I'm a super clumsy person and have dropped it on the floor a ridiculous amount of times without any resulting damage.
It is an excellent product but its huge in size. I liked it for performance and hot/cold options. The different speed options are also good but its so big, not convenient for travel or to carry around
This is a really nice hair dryer This is a really nice hair dryer, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that its a little heavy for me.  It dries nicely and very quiet compared to any other dryers I have had.  I will definitely keep it, I can use the workout.
I Like it I bought this product in order to use it when I moved, I tried it and it seems pretty good.
Great wall blowdryer Handy little blowdryer, better than leaving one plugged in on vanity! Not alot of power though
LOVE IT! This is my favorite blow dryer ever! It does the job and I love the different parts that you can use from the big tooth, little tooth or brush. Also, You can have it on cool air as well which is different and pretty cool. It works great on my african american 4c hair.
Great dryer, too big for travel This was my first Ionic dryer, and it dried my hair very well and quickly (although I have short hair).  I only had two problems with it, but these were enough for me to return it:    --Its size when folded up is a bit too big for travel.  I fly frequently, and the space in my luggage is precious.  This took up about the same space as a pair of shoes.  --The cord did not retract smoothly or reliably.  I would often have to pull it out again in order to have it retract fully.    Good concept, but unfortunately it's going back!
Ok Hair Dryer I really expected it to dry my hair super fast after reading the reviews, but I would say it takes just as long as a normal hair dryer. I like it, and it works good just not as fast as I had hoped.
Four Stars Great product, top a little bulky but works really well.
Pretty good value It's been over a year since i bought this. it's working well. Pretty good value!
BEST DRYER I HAVE OWNED!!! I have very thick and coarse hair and this is the best hairdryer I have owned until now! It gets my hair dry so fast, and the end results are smooth and frizzless hair. With other hair dryers it takes anywhere from 25-35 minutes but this one literally takes 7-10 minutes plus adds more volume to my hair.The heat settings are perfect as well in case someone doesn't want to add too much heat to your hair .. Every dryer I have ever owned did pretty much all the same things but at the end made my hair frizzy and dried my hair out. This dryer is THE ONLY ONE that makes my hair look so beautiful, sleek, soft and shiny! It makes my hair so smooth that I almost don't have to flat iron it since it is naturally wavy. Freakinglyyy amazing!!
Very good deal for the price This Conair works so much better than most blow dryers.  It is a great color and had a great output.  I was so very impressed with how much quality you get for the price.  The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because it is a little heavier, not cheap plastic at all.
Is a good hair dryer, but not the best! I bought this hair dryer for a xmas present and in amazon everybody said something good about this hair dryer, that was enought for my to buy it. And she love it but she said takes time to dryer the hair, so i thought double fan must to be enought but not!, is kind of weird because is a remington one of the best!, but is fine! so what do you think?
Works great. I have very long and thick hair Works great.  I have very long and thick hair, it used to take up to an hour to dry my hair with my old dryer.  This is fast and works great.
My Wife likes the Hairdryer Is a shame that we have 240 Volt in Australia and I had to buy a stepdown transformer wich made it more expansive.
Awesome I used it in France for over a year and it works amazing. Unlike the other dryers that my friends used in France with converters this little think held up amazing and kept its power.
Basic, easy to use value for rental properties Basic hair dryers for a WM price.  Why stand in line when you can get on Amazon for the same price?  I bought one for each bathroom in a rental property.
My hair turns beautiful EVERY TIME I use this to dry my hair (most of the time I let it dry naturally, but I use a hair dryer occassionally) I receive compliments on my hair! GET IT!
This hair dryer is quieter than my old one and definitely dries my hair pretty fast. My only problem with it is that ... I am very picky with my hair. I've only used hair dryers $100+ so buying this one was a huge risk for me! I have very long, straight hair that without any heat comes out wavy and sometimes frizzy. This hair dryer is quieter than my old one and definitely dries my hair pretty fast. My only problem with it is that the attachment falls off occasionally and the cord is insanely short.
Worked well It was a bit to powerful but it was good, as good as I'd been expecting it to be. It was worth the money!
Love it! This one doesn't seem as powerful as the previous one I owned but it is just as well - my previous one would sometimes burn my scalp it was so hot! Great product.
Great hairdryer, but.... My last hairdryer bit the dust and I was looking for something powerful and inexpensive to replace it.  It was also a Conair 1875, perhaps 5 years old.<br /><br />This Conair is quite a bit lighter and quieter but just as powerful.  My hair is very thick and I was concerned it would take too long to dry my hair.  It actually dries a little faster.  I also have been using the Cool button to finish off drying a section and it seems to reduce frizziness and makes my hair look a little smoother.<br /><br />My biggest complaint is the location of the switches.  They are toggle switches, placed on the handle right where you grip the handle with your palm.  It is quite awkward to grip this and not flip the switches.  Quite a pain.  I wonder if anyone actually tested the design of this hairdryer before putting it on the market?  Its pretty annoying.  I have been able to hold it at an awkward angle to get my hair drying done.
Andis Professional 1875 Watt Ceramic Ionic Hair Dryer - Black Chrome... I love the look and the power of the dryer but something about the Ion makes my hair greasy. Other then that it's a great product.
i really enjoyed it!!!! I really enjoyed this product. I have thick hair and overall it dried it quicker than any other blow dryer i ever had. i received it on time and just as shown in the picture thats how i got my product.
Four Stars So far it still working.
T3 Tourmaline Ceramic Ionic Hair Dryer Great product.  Just be sure to read the instructions... the first time I used the blowdryer it set my smoke alarm off because of the manufacturing residue in the blowdryer.  No real need to worry because there was a warning in the manual.  It was just inconvenient... had to open all the windows and turn off the dryer to get the smoke detector to go off.  There is an odd smell the first time you use the dryer but again, this was all described in the owner's manual.    Other than that, I've had compliments that my hair looks smoother.  I noticed less frizz and my hair feels softer. It's a bit pricey but a good product if you're looking to splurge a little.
I like the blow dryer I like the blow dryer. I thought it was going to be a compact size but nope its a big one. I love the color and its very light weight
Panasonic Best Dryer I have ever used....Expect when it start over heating...Hope to see a fix soon....<br /><br />Highly recommended ... ...
If you're looking for a quiet dryer, this is not it! I've had this dryer since July and use it daily.  It's no better or worse than any other dryer I've used in its price range.  Previously bought one for $89 (CHI) because it was quiet; it quit working after 13 months -- 1 month past the warranty period.  Keep in mind:  This dryer is NOT quiet.
Four Stars Night light was too bright and can not be turned off or down
Good product for a decent price I had only ever used cheap hairdryers in my life and decided to finally get a good one. I already owned one of their straighteners, so I decided to give their dryer a shot too. They're decently priced and are also a very high quality product. I have super thick hair that normally takes ages to dry all the way. This dryer cuts the time by a significant amount. There is also a free manufacturer warranty on the item, so definitely take advantage of that if you're nervous about trying a brand you don't know.
Four Stars works great
Four Stars Works well and has multiple heat settings and speeds.
Super tiny but powerful SUPER tiny but works great. Perfect for weekend trips away from home and small enough to toss in a bag and take to the gym. Not terribly noisy either. I wish it had a medium heat setting but other than that, I can't complain.
Four Stars Like it but the cord needs assistance retracting and could have more power.
Nice equipment The store send the item just in time, and the equipment looks and works nicely. It worth a try for anyone.
Very good product.. So far, this is the first time I've purchased the real Pro with affordable price...it dry fast with impressive speed....Love it
I like it I bought this for my mom and little sister's home, as one of their Christmas gifts this year, because they haven't had a blowdryer in the house for years now. They said they love it, it's a simple blowdryer with a high heat so it dries the hair fast; overall it's easy to use but doesn't come with any special perks. But guaranteed if you don't have one now it's better than what you have!
Just okay.... This is not the best hair dryer that I wanted but its still does its job. Cute, handy and affordable.
Great Replacement This dryer replaced the one I bought in College years ago also a conair. It folds up to fit in your luggage, it has two heat settings and cold air as blasts. My Dog likes it, and runs when he sees me taking it out. I haven't had any issues.
Can't Complain Worked like a charm. A great buy for a simple, no frills blow dryer. I have no real complaints. I mean, it does exactly what I would expect a blow dryer to do, so...
Pretty good Dryer Pretty good Dryer. My only wish is that it blew a bit hotter on the max heat setting. It's very powerful however.
not bad This hair dryer is very stylish! I love the aesthetics of it and it has this super long cord so I can move around and do my make up at the same time without pulling the cord out.   Love the adjustable heat and speed selections. The highest setting is too hot though and burnt my scalp a bit. The dryer is also a bit heavy so makes my arms a bit tired but besides that, no complaints!
Great little dryer!! The bonnet is nice and large and the air flow is just right for my hair.  It has done a good job for me.
like it Its a little heavy, but works great for such a low price. The attachments were what won me over :)
Four Stars will dry hair very fast
Very handy and neat This hair dryer is quiet and does a good job. We bought it because we liked the ones at motels and timeshares we had seen and wanted one like them. The night light is quite bright(almost too bright for us). The air flow is quiet and does a good job but does not offer separate heat/ air controls. Overall we are pleased with it.
Four Stars MUY BUENO
I bought this item from 2012 and it is still ... I bought this item from 2012 and it is still going strong. It is well worth the money. The only downside to it is that just before the timer goes off, you gotta get up from underneath it because it has a loud sound when the time runs out.
Works very well. Just got it about 3 months ... Works very well. Just got it about 3 months ago and have been traveling with it with a converter and it is still working well and doesn't leave my hair too frizzy.
Recommend This blow dryer is generally nice. The only thing that I do not like is that it does not have temp. and speed settings. It only has low temp./low speed, medium temp/medium speed, and high temp./high speed. You cannot change these corresponding temp./speed settings. Other than this I like the wide tooth comb attachment. I have natural hair and this helps me detangle and stretch all of my hair. It works pretty great, came on time. My mom is buying two for herself and my sister. I would recommend this.
Four Stars Did not expect much from such a cheap blow dryer, but this definitely exceeded my expectations!
great for price Bought this for my little girl (8yr old) to be able to dry hair on her own. It is the perfect weight, it is cute, it perfectly in her little hands, she loves it. It doesn't have a guard like my Conair does to keep the hair from being sucked in the back of it (most women know what I mean) but it is well worth the price esp will all the other attachments included.
Con air hair dryer Great item-- quick service--thanks!
Wife loves it Got this for my wife -- so I'm not the end-user. But from my observation, this hair dryer was much quieter than her old one. It also did the job much faster. The only reason I can't give it five stars was that the documentation was very sparse. There are a couple of features that would benefit greatly if it came with a manual to explain it. I ended up having to Google to find out what they do.<br /><br />Overall, a very good product. My wife would recommend it!
Four Stars This is awesome I really love it;)
Strong Strong and powerful, however, it's a little too powerful for me. I was looking for a light dryer and this one works, it's not super light but it's also not too heavy and I didnt want to go through the hassle of returning.
Good travel dryer Have only used in this country so far but it is small but does good job drying hair.  It has optional conversion to foreign electrical systems.  Just your standard dryer for a pretty fair price and without running around in crowds hunting for model on sale.
easy to use Easy to use, nice grip. Good handle and item reached on time. no hassles and meets my simple needs to dry my hairs after shower.
Perfect size and great performance. Perfect size and great performance. Be sure and mount to wall with screws. I tried supplied sticky tape first and it fell off the wall within 3 days
Excellent Buy Very good buy is what I was looking for gifts, it is in very good condition and I have no complaints, thanks.
excellent easy to use , not more of difficult to handle , also reset option is very useful if its stuck
Good Bonnet Hair Dryer This bonnet hair dryer fills the bill.  It dried my hair in no time flat with the bonnet and when I used the dryer wand brush attachment it made my hair very silky.  The one thing I wish is that the bonnet were a bit larger, but all in all it exceeds expectations.
Four Stars good
Four Stars Good quality and value I love it
Four Stars buen producto
good product looks good,easy to install fast ship like the fact you can take off vent and clean when its time also cord has not tangled
My granddaughter uses it every day to fix her beautiful red hair as she is a dye in the ... My granddaughter uses it every day to fix her beautiful red hair as she is a dye in the wool hello kitty fan. Oh the dryer works perfectly.
best dyer I have really thick hair and I've tried many other blow dryer but the result is not d same as d conair yellow bird...I love this product and will recommend it 2 others
Good brand product for a low price It's a great value for money.<br />The hairdryer is very light, it doesn't heat up too much and works perfect.<br />A little con is that it doesn't come with a diffuser. But for this price you can pass over it.
Four Stars excellent I love it
A good hair dryer but it is a very big This hair dryer is easy to use and dries hair fast but its a little too big so if you have small hands this hair dryer is definitely not for you.
I love it. This product id great. Really dries your hair without frizzing. only complaint is its a little heavy, but all in all great dryer
Four Stars This dryer is wonderful it is even better than I expected<br />Thanks
Four Stars like it
Good but slightly heavy This dryer is works really well on my thick (African American and Mexican American) hair and very quickly. I bought it mainly because of the comb attachment. It's slightly heavier than other hair dryers but is also more visually appealing. If you switch attachments while you dry your hair this isn't or you, they get very hot. Hope this helps.
EXCELENTE SECADOR ! YA LO RECIB&Iacute;, ME GUSTO EL SECADOR MUY POTENTE,CALIENTA BASTANTE,SECA R&Aacute;PIDO Y DE MANERA PERFECTA,LO &Uacute;NICO QUE ES UN POCO PESADO, POR LO DEM&Aacute;S EXCELENTE.
User and Buyer Friendly It is a good feel in my hand, and I suffer from carpel tunnel syndrome. I can hold it with a solid grip. The one reason it is not five stars for me is the cord. Although the angle of it looks like a good idea, it can sometimes get in my way when I am trying to work with a round brush on the back of my head. However,  I am very satisfied with my purchase, because the heat options, air flow settings, weight, sound, and looks are all attractive and smooth. It has not smoked, over-heated, or gotten too heavy while I have been using it. I can have it on and my boyfriend can still sleep in the bed, with a closed door as the only seperation between us. Arguably, he is a heavy sleeper. Overall, I am happy and plan to use my complimentary discount code on another product from this friendly company.
blow drys my fine hair i needed a blow dryer for college this was cheapest one i found and it has a cool setting works perfect for me
Hair dryer I received this last week and I love it. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because assembling it was a little more time consuming than I anticipated. After I put it together the adjustable rod didn't move up and down as smoothly as I would have liked but for the price everything was great. I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a dryer. It gets hot enough and it is very quiet compared to most hair dryers that I have had in the past which is a plus. It is quite large so make sure you have the space to store it if you do purchase it. Overall a great product and I'm very happy with it!
nice The blow dryer came before expect so thats great. everything was great<br />my only complaint is, i have thick hair so im scared i might break the combs<br /><br />GREAT PRODUCT
Hair dryer I chose a less expensive dryer because I have no need for a powerful one.  It serves my needs well with just the basic functions.
Perfect Hair Dryer For Home & Travel I gave this a 4 star rating because this hair dryer offer's everything you need in one. It has numerous speeds and heat settings, gives out more than enough heat also. The cord retracts and then the hair dryer can be folder for traveling. It has all the necessary attachments also. I've had one myself for 2 yrs. and love it. I bought 2 more for my granddaughter and daughter for Christmas gifts as they requested a hair dryer. I've tried a lot and this one is the best for me. I would have given it 5 stars, but I think the cord could be just a little longer.
The 3 speeds and 3 heat settings are nice. the low was quiet to use The 3 speeds and 3 heat settings are nice. the  low was quiet to use. a bit &#34;heavy&#34;,but like the 3 heat.
Four Stars Yes it works great
Cap keeps falling off great blowdryer, but the cap to put on the front part of the dryer, kept falling off from putting it down and up in my sink, while blowdrying my hair. i fixed this by gently putting it on a flat surface, resting it on the red circle grip. sucks i have to do this, but it is best blowdryer i ever owned
2cute!!! I loved my new hair dryer.  it way 2cute!!. it looks like a cute toy but works pretty good . I think it is pretty powerful. it dries up my hair extensions good :)
Not the most powerful dryer, but it does its job. This is my second Andis dryer because my first one died on me, but the dryer is very reasonably priced, and does the job on blowing out my thick, long hair.
Good value Lots of power.
Andis Hair Dryer Good  hair dryer, I have to get used to the rectangle shape of it  rather than being round, it's a little bigger than I would like but works great and has 3 heat settings, and 3 comb attachment - Didn't care for the comb too much.
ok i guess Not very hot and not very strong.  I guess I shouldn't have expected much for ten bucks but at least a little more umph!  Not fabulous but a get what you pay for my toddler doesn't run away from it kind of deal that's why I gave 4 stars.  She is 2 and doesn't mind on high it blowing in her face some!
Works for me! I bought this hair dryer because of the price. It dries my hair nicely. It claims to have ion technology but I think it is a gimmick. My hair dries frizzy with this hair dryer like it did with my previous one that was old and didn't have ion technology.
Great Product except the Brush Attachment This is an excellent product.  Very easy to use and just what I needed however after one use the brush attachment is starting to fall apart.  Despite this one issue this is an excellent product.
Its a really great dryer. It smooths my hair as it dries Its a really great dryer. It smooths my hair as it dries. My hair looks and feels like I just left the salon every time.
Good Hair dryer. Works well Hair dryer works fine and  is powerful. However it is a bit loud and the retractable cord is a bit difficult to use at first.
Ok It works fine and it is really small. On the other hand, the cable and the plug are incredibly big for this kind of stuff....
Awesome! This hair dryer is the best! Its is light weight and it leaves your hair looking beautiful. It has 2 temperatures and 2 speeds whisch really comes in handy, but it has a very short cord which may interfere with your styling ability. For the price it is great :)
LOVE IT! Love it...only have one problem...bonnet isn't large enough.  For most people it would work great but I use very large rollers and the fit is tight..but it dries so fast and is very compact...great for traveling.
Four Stars It works as expected, the button to retract the cord is little stiff otherwise it is prefect.
Still a good dryer Bought this to replace an old one that finally expired after about 4 years. There are were a few minor issues. First the power cord is much shorter than the previous one which necessitated remounting to a different wall location. Had to paint the wall to cover the repaired area. Second, there needs to be a way to dim or turn off the night lite. It is so bright you can make moves with it. A 4 1/2 star unit, 5 with light control and going back to a longer cord.
it's Powerful, but... It's powerful, and it has cooler button. I don't know why, it wash't too hot, but after using it I can smell burns.
Great Blow Dryer There's really nothing bad to say about this blow dryer. It's great for the price! And the compact feature comes in handy if you travel a lot.
Four Stars I like it, meets my expectations.
Four Stars Good product and quite!
Great Product! This dryer allows me to move around while my hair is drying, have conversation and  watch my favorit television programs.<br /><br />You have to be sure that you snap the bonnet seal to the tube so that it locks before putting it on.  You may have to practice a few times to know how to lock it.<br /><br />Great product!
Four Stars Great product
Four Stars Good, work well
Four Stars Just a hair dryer.
It works fine till now It works fine till now. the only reason i give only 4 stars because the light that is a bit annoying. there is no option to turn it off when not in need.
Scuff marks on Concentrator I used amazon prime and got this pretty fast. I haven't used it as yet but I did test the item and it works seemingly well... The barrel of the blowdryer works pretty well and the force of the air blown was great. However while inspecting this item it has scuff marks on the &#34;concentrator&#34; as if it had been used before or before being shipped. Not sure if it will lessen in terms of the force of the air over a period of time but we'll see. Also at the back of the dryer there was a removable backing that allows for cleaning if the air vent gets clog, which I didn't expect and it was a pleasant supprise. The &#34;concentrator&#34; also takes quite a bit of strength to put on. (Twisting it on doesn't make much sense so I'd recommend lining it up and the pushing it down on the barrel)...My intial review however is 4stars. I will be doing an update within the next month..
Number 2 for me! This Conair Wallmount Dryer with LED night light was my second purchase.  My first Conair served and lasted me a long time, therefore, there was no question that I needed and wanted to have it replaced with one of the same.
MY FIRST ORDER FROM AMAZON WAS SIMPLE; THANKS TO AMAZON THE HAIR  DRYER WHICH I purchased from Amazon was just what I needed.  we were able to install it in the same place as the previous dryer ; both were from sunbeam or oster.
It does Work The dryer does actually work, it has a inside setting to automatically shut itself off to prevent overheating, worked great from me without shutting off
it is good drying tool it is good drying tool. I expected it to be a bit better from reading reviews.<br />It does the job as drying hair and it is good quality and well made hair dryer.<br />I recommend.
That is OK Revlon RV408 1875 Watt Full-Size Turbo Dryer is OK . It is a little bigger than I expected. But it is also good. Thank you .
Great hairdryer! It doesn't feel cheap and I like how the top is long enough that my hair (I have mid-length hair) doesn't get sucked into the back of it where the fan is. Buttons are easy to work with, better than those you have slide up and down.
Great Buy! For the price paid, it is an  excellent buy.  I bought 3 so I would not worry about having a bad hair day without a hair dryer.  This hair dryer is simple and get the job done.  Either hot or cold.  Would be great if a third option available for hotter air.
Quite loud This dryer is quite loud, but I love that it is ionized and ceramic and light weight.  I don't use a hair dryer much so it works well for me.
This blow dryer is awesome. First off This blow dryer is awesome. First off, the attachment makes it easier to blow dry my curly hair straight. Second, it blow dried my hair quick. I had it for a year or two and then one day it started smoking and caught fire. I was totally in shambles and now I use a s***ty blow drier. RIP cute pink blow drier
Great for the price. Had some early technical problems. Could be hazardous? Great for its price. There's no heat setting, but it gets the job done.<br /><br />However, I had some technical issues in the beginning.<br />Some metal shavings blew out when I first used it. I was scared to use it again b/c I didn't want it getting in my eyes. But afterwards, it hasn't been a problem.
Good but not excellent I love it's compact design and it perfectly dries my hair within minutes. My 4 star review is due to the concentrator,it fells off atleast once in your 5 minute use which is a pain. If that doesn't bother you then this is the perfect dryer which doesn't occupy a lot of space like other fancy ones.
Four Stars Works very well and I would recommend this product to a friend.
Hairdryer installation was easy. Have not used it yet. Not too big or bulky.
Good Is really good, I like it so much, my hair is healthy and look natural, You need to try! .
I like it Hair dryer works great, easy to use, but it's heavy on the arm when carrying long. It has a button to choose the heat level 3, this machine better than I've ever used, I like it.
Four Stars Very good for the price. Gets super hot so you have to be careful.
good Its good.i am using from long time till now there is no issues and easy to handle. I am satisfied
Its ok Slightly larger than I hoped but works for me. Does not pack down very small.  Does dry my hair fairly quickly.
Four Stars Very satisfied. Works great for frizz control.
love conair! Always been a conair user and after my original conair blow dryer was torn up by the dog (which I had for 6 years) I chose this one to replace it . So far I'm very happy with it, very strong and lightweight. I don't think it's any louder than a usual blow dryer but it's not quiet either. My only qualm is you can't change the temperature but not a big deal!
Four Stars good product all well
Four Stars This is nice.....
good It arrive on time I like how it looks and is a good hair dryer for my hair and the price is great
... hair dryer for 3 years now and it works great. I'm very surprised by reading some negative reviews I've had this hair dryer for 3 years now and it works great. I'm very surprised by reading some negative reviews. I have never had any problems with my hair dryer. My hair is very fine so it gets the job done in 5 minutes. My only complaint is that it's a little loud for me cause I have a baby that takes naps all the time. Other than that it's a great basic hair dryer,nothing fancy. Although I did buy mine at Walmart cause it was cheaper
Four Stars K
Four Stars Awesome Blow Dryer!! It works just like it says. I would recommend it to everyone!
Four Stars Awesome
The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars is ... The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because it will not stick to my vanity which is made out of wood. It won鈥檛 hold in place after I place the blow dryer. Does stick very well to my vanity in the bathroom (glass/marble).
Really a professional hair dryer! :-) The Hot Tools hair dryer works wonders. It's so easy to use. All you have to do is attach it to the nozzle of your blow dryer and you can deep condition or set your hair. With a conventional standing dryer, the back of my head does not dry evenly with the rest of the hair, but this bonnet gives me all around coverage, drying my hair in 20 minutes. I've had this dryer for close to 8 months and I've used it every week after I wash and style my hair. It's survived both my tightly packed suitcases, and my weekly toss into the cupboard when I'm through. This may not be the dryer for people who set their hair with large rollers as this fits snug against my head with just twists. But other than that small limitation, this has been the best hair dryer I've ever owned.
Four Stars This is a very nice dryer.
nice nice work.i pretty love it. low price and good function. not loudly._and i recommend you to buy it and you will not regret.
I love it, after using it my hair is silky ... I love it, after using it my hair is silky as if I use flat iron it. It really straighten my hair out!!!
Four Stars great!
Four Stars Very good works welll
Four Stars Dried my hair with no problem, but the cords are on the short side.
well it's useful ,but noise is a little bigger.and I do not find the cold air ,<br />well,I'll give a good review.
Four Stars Love it.
I would love for it to be a bit smaller and lighter For an inexpensive hairdryer it fills my needs. I use it when I travel, I would love for it to be<br />a bit smaller and lighter, but that may not be possible considering the existing features.
great stuff!! This does not hurt your hair. Very well suited for daily use, If you are looking for any specific style dryiers, this is the best one for everyday use.
Electrical cord needs lenthened. Good little dryer.  Cord running from wall to unit little too short.
Blown Away!!!! I love it! I am a hair stylist and I was looking for a decent one just for myself at home, and boy were my standards exceeded! Its very powerful for its size and I love the attachments that cone with it. Great price for a great blow dryer! Very Happy!
Very pleased with dryer. I was very impressed with the color black and the  nightlight will come in handy at night time. It was easy to install.
The cord-keeper is a keeper. This hairdryer is not pink but more of a hot red. And it looks kind of a cheap plastic.    However, this blow dries my hair pretty fast. So, it does what's required of it!    I took one star off because it does seem louder than your average hair dryer. If you live in a house, that's probably not a big deal; but if your apt has thin walls... you might not want to blow dry your hair in the middle of the night.    I really like the fact that the cord is retractable. Word of caution: hang on to the plug when you hit the retraction button because it will fly all over the place. And if you're not careful, this can probably hit you in the face because it retracts very fast.    Lastly, a couple reviews have mentioned that this Conair 1875 is heavier than most hair dryers. My old hair dryer must have been pretty heavy too then because I don't really notice it. Either way, at least it'll give you a work out!
Four Stars good for rv's
Four Stars It is the best
So far....wonderful! This is the first hair dryer I have ever owned that did not leave my hair smelling like smoke.  I am a black woman with natural hair (absolutely no chemicals nor weave) and my hair is more susceptible to dryness and breakage.  Therefore, it is extremely important for me to be extra sensitive and mindful to the type of products I use on my hair. This dryer did not pull my hair out, no burnt smell and I didn't mind the sound quality, afterall it is a hair dryer not a fan. The only negative I have is that the buttons can easily be depressed while blow drying your hair.  So you may have to double check a few times as I did to make certain you are using the right temperature on your hair.  Here is a tip I learned, when planning on using hot curlers, flat irons etc. please cool your hair down first (the cool shot button truly does help)and use a non-buildup non-oily heat treatment.  The more natural and/or organic the better. Wait at least 10 minutes or longer before proceeding to styling. Heat from the dryer with immediate usage of other heat sources can cause stress and unnecessary damage (or more damage) to your scalp and hair. Also, when using the pik, if you come in contact with a tangle, PLEASE do not force the pik thru.  You will tear your hair apart.  Use your fingers or a detangler comb to separate the tangle, then proceed in continuing drying.
Its a blow dryer! LOL. I docked a ... Its a blow dryer! LOL. I docked a star because it has a weaker output than my old blow dryer.  I appreciate the cold setting.
Great product for coarse hair Great product for coarse hair! I have a 4b texture and when I use the high setting with the fine tooth comb attachment, I get my hair very straight. The only reason why it doesn't get a full 5 stars is because of the placement of the cool button. If the button was a setting instead of at the back, the blow drier would be perfect.
Four Stars Excellent
Four Stars Nice
Cord retract is a bitch to work. Have to ... Cord retract is a bitch to work.  Have to screw with it to get it to take it all in.
Works just fine The hair dryer delivered all that it promises. The one problem I had was that it shut down for 5-10mins when it overheated...I have long, thick hair so I was patient but it was a bit frustrating. It shut off 3 times during the hair drying process.<br />Anyone with short/med length fine hair should have no issues. Remember to change the voltage on dryer to whatever the requirements are in the country you're visiting.
Great Love the color && ive been searching for a blow dryer like this but all ive been seeing are cylinder-end shaped dryers && when i found this i had to get it! It shipped in two days which was great too! Only reason i didnt give 5 stars is because the packaging was kind of beat up which had me skeptical for a little minute but other than that great buy
I needed a diffuser One of the cheaper options for a hair dryer. I like the color and the diffuser works well for those with curly hair!
It's really good and light weight to carry around But the only ... It's really good and light weight to carry around<br />But the only drawback I feel is the souf which makes my lil one run away
dryer It works fine i love it i use it every sunday its nice and hot. its works fine like a dryer in a salon
Patrick This product was a great investment, three clients love it's power and heat. I love it. Please buy this product.
It dries my hair very fast though it does not have the changing voltz feature I like it! Is a little heavy but you can ... So far it is working lovely! It dries my hair very fast though it does not have the changing voltz feature I like it! Is a little heavy but you can see it is of good quality! Hope electric accident won't happen.
ok for travel, affordable. Felt weaker than my other 1875w hair dryer. That said, it is affordable and compact. If one uses it for travel and not daily use, it is probably fine.
Perfect size This product was the perfect size for me to take on my vacation abroad.  It took very little room to pack it and worked well.
Four Stars Good. Just hope it can be cheaper.
Four Stars It works good and has a great nightlite
Birthday present I bought this dryer for my wife n she loves it...she said it's not heavy at all n it's really powerful. Not much for me to say since I don't use it ...lol..
Four Stars Great product for the price
satisfied This hair dryer definitely can do the work. It's enough for me who has short hair. I can dry my hair within 3 mins. Hope it lasts long.
Nice blow dryer so far had about a month blows ... Nice blow dryer so far had about a month blows very strong and gets pretty hot I have long very frizzy hair and blows it straight with a round brush pretty quickly.<br />It's pretty heavy but I don't mind the weight. 4 stars due to nozzle falls off if you don't push it in tight ever time you use it but other than that no complaints.
revlon blow drier i bought this as a gift<br />and the person really likes this
Four Stars I like it. Not to noisy. Not to heavy.
Four Stars This does not have the power I thought it would have.  Its ok though.
Four Stars ALL OF MY CUSTOMERS ARE HAPPY
I like it I think It's a good product, It leaves your hair soft and it dries it easily, It fullfiled my expectations.
I love it. But it did arrive a little scratched up on the flip up part. Very quiet, works great. It was scratched on the light colored plastic. It looks like maybe they removed a sticker, it's not horrible I just didn't expect a new item to be scratched like that. Easy to put together. And after reading reviews before my purchase I will add it did come with the plug in cord. I'm very happy with it. Im a cosmetologist and I have a 1 chair salon this works perfect for me.
I dig it It's nice. I usually use it for deep conditions or if i'm doing dreads on someone else I will put them under when I'm done re-twisting. It's handy to have in the house for situations like that. I've never had issues with it and I've had it about 5 months. I wish I had time to use it for different styles on myself but i'm sure it would work for a plethora of different things.
Salon dryer Great stand. Movable.Good performance for the price I paid. Not as hot as salon dryers.
i like it Good quality. Very pretty. Powerful. Only complaint is its kinda heavy so after a while it kinda hurts my hand. But I guess it's not really a problem since it dries my hair pretty quick.
Four Stars Wish it had a cooling button!
Four Stars It makes a lot of noise, but it dries my whole hair in less than 5 min.
Four Stars I wish there was a comb our brush attachment other than that works
Four Stars works!
Four Stars great design base could be more sturdy
Pro styler truly! This hair dryer is the easiest to use and its affordable and the most hassle free dryer but def not a pro styler!
Four Stars Very good easy installation.would recommend to anyone to try it,saw this in hotel and loved it
It was easy for me to install I received the item when stated and it is what I had wanted and expected. It was easy for me to install. Thank you.
Four Stars Excellent, powerful motor and it leaves my hair very shiny
nice it have  a little flaws on the surface, but does not affect me to use it. nice shipping, i will come again
Four Stars Nice hair dryer, I don't have to flip my head upside down to use it.
Four Stars Good!
Four Stars Great dryer !!!!
The Conair Wall Hairdryer We were very satisfied with this hair dryer. We put one in our home in Va and two of them we took to Fl and put them in both of our bathrooms there.  I use them often and when guests come they are so handy because they are right there on the wall . We are replacing the one in Va that was put in 6 years ago . That one went right in the plate that was already there.
Four Stars I love it
Four Stars TY
Four Stars Satisfied from the performance
Just wish it was foldable It only has high and low modes, or off. For the price, the size, and options, it has dried my hair faster than that blue Conair from Target. My hair is dark black, thick in volume, and takes a long time to dry. You can ask all of my hairstylists. So this one is great for your money.
it's a good quality product Fair power. Considering the price price, it's a good quality product.
Four Stars Good!
I am for the most part happy with my purchase ESPECIALLY for the price of $20 ... Although I'm wary that the dryer may go out in the next 8-10 months or start to develop a strange scent (per previous reviews here and on other sites), I am for the most part happy with my purchase ESPECIALLY for the price of $20 for a hair dryer that is still being sold in Ulta and other stores for up to $55. The dryer does have side buttons, which for many people was an issue, but the dryer I had prior had the same feature and it doesn't get in my way now as it didn't then. The hair dryer is light/medium weight. The swivel cord hasn't been an issue for me either. This is after 1 use but I believe it is going to work out wonderfully.<br />(Also note: make sure you dry your hair 1-2 inches away from the hair itself or else this or ANY dryer will burn out quicker than it normally would!)
like it Good hair dryer with fair price.
Four Stars I receive it well thanks
Nice size & low temp is quiet but high is ... Nice size & low temp is quiet but high is still very loud. Got it b/c comb attachment which stayed on for the most part except for once but I have kinky natural hair, use it to do blow out styles
Four Stars turbo!
Four Stars good
it's functional for a 20 dollar item. one complaint ... it's functional for a 20 dollar item.<br />one complaint though is the burnt smell it gives off; it makes the product seem really flimsy and cheap and uncomfortable
Great dryer Works great, but is a bit louder than I expected.
Four Stars Good product
Four Stars Mini but works good
The hot mode could be super hot so you get to be careful Powerful hair dryer--adding volume to your hair. The hot mode could be super hot so you get to be careful.
Four Stars conforme con la venta y recomiendo al vendedor
I bought this hair dryer recently but i ordered a ... I bought this hair dryer recently but i ordered a comb attachment and it cannot fit... So i bought another different one that which is bigger and they said was universal an it wont fit either.. They both are too small to fit.. Can anyone tell me a size comb attachment i can buy that would fit on this hair dryer please
Great for fine hair Hair dryer is very suitable for my fine, short and not very thick hair. I used it on the lowest setting and it felt just right: gentle and not extremely hot. I also liked its comb attachment: it helped me dry hair faster.<br />Comparing this dryer to my older Philips (I moved so I had to leave it in another country), I must note that this dryer provides weaker blow. I think it is because of much bigger output vent.<br />Minus 1 star because there is no ceramic heating element - just wires.
Highly recommend Great power blow dryer for wonderful price.
Four Stars The dryer itself was really nice but the packaging could have been better.
Four Stars Really nice product, but some times the cord retainer button not working properly
Four Stars worth it!
Four Stars Easy mount. Heats well
really good; especially for the price! I like how it has a low, medium, and high setting.  (Havent bought a new dryer in a while:)  i just wish the concentrator was a bit thinner since that would cause less frizz.
Four Stars I couldn't use it because it did not have an UL Listed cord on it
Four Stars Works great.. very good product
Four Stars Good product.
Four Stars Very nice hairdryer. Wishing the size is smaller though.
Excellent buy!!!!!!!!! I love it, I have been trying to find one for two years.
Four Stars Love this product.
Really like! I like the warm and cool feature! Diffuser attachment an added bonus
Good product I like this hair dryer. It has good functions available and it blows good, quiet heat. Although it's a bit heavy to hold..
Four Stars Good as expected
I think's great. The cord length is perfect I just got this last week. I think's great. The cord length is perfect.
Good. This very good for that price I thought it was a little bigger but is fine for me. Bye and thank you for the product.
Four Stars It works really well!
